
--- Page 60 ---

having to pay damages for its delayed or disrupted orders Risks Associated with Intellectual Property Rights sufficient to prevent us from potential infringements by others, We cooperated continuously with the Commission to provide
or incur significant expenses in implementing remedial and The Company’s ability to compete successfully and to achieve or at all. the requested information and documents. The Commission
improvement measures to enhance its cybersecurity network, future growth depends in part on the continued strength of subsequently decided to close the investigation in May 2020.
and may also expose the Company to significant legal liabilities its intellectual property portfolio. While we actively enforce If TSMC fails to obtain or maintain certain technologies or
arising from or related to legal proceedings or regulatory and protect our intellectual property rights, there can be intellectual property licenses or fails to prevent our intellectual Other than the matters described above, as of the date of
investigations associated with, among other things, leakage no assurance that its efforts will be adequate to prevent property from being misappropriated and, if litigation relating this Annual Report, TSMC is not currently a party to any other
of employee, customer or third-party information which the the misappropriation or improper use of its proprietary to alleged intellectual property matters occurs, it could: (1) material legal proceedings.
company has an obligation to keep confidential. technologies, software, trade secrets or know-how. Also, the prevent the Company from manufacturing particular products
Company cannot assure you that, as its business or business or selling particular services or applying particular technologies; Risks Associated with Mergers and Acquisitions
In the past, TSMC experienced and may in the future be subject models expand into new areas, it will be able to develop and (2) reduce our ability to compete effectively against entities In 2020 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC did not
to attack by malicious software contained in the equipment the independently the technologies, patents, software, trade benefiting from our misappropriated intellectual property, conduct any merger or acquisition.
Company purchases and installs. TSMC has implemented and secrets or know-how necessary to conduct its business or that which could reduce its opportunities to generate revenue.
continually updated rigorous cybersecurity measures to prevent it can do so without unknowingly infringing the intellectual Risks Associated with Recruiting Quality Personnel
and minimize harm caused by such attacks. These measures property rights of others. As a result, TSMC may have to rely TSMC has taken related measures to minimize potential loss of TSMC relies on the continued services and contributions of its
include advanced virus scanning tools to prevent a fab from on, to a certain degree, licensed technologies and patent shareholder value arising from intellectual property claims and management team skilled technical and professional personnel.
installing virus-infected tools, strengthening firewall and licenses from others. To the extent that the Company relies litigation filed against the Company. These measures include: The Company’s business could suffer from the inability to fulfill
network controls to prevent computer viruses from spreading on licenses from others, there can be no assurance that it will strategically obtaining licenses from certain semiconductor personnel needs with high quality professionals in a timely
among tools and fabs, and the installation of anti-virus and be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses in the and other technology companies as needed; timely securing fashion caused by the loss of personnel, illegal talent poaching,
advanced malware detection solutions across our computer future on terms it considers reasonable or at all. The lack of intellectual property rights originating within and outside or related changes in market demand for its products and
devices. In addition, TSMC has deployed secure PCs and necessary licenses could expose TSMC to claims for damages of TSMC for defensive and/or offensive protection of TSMC services. Since there is fierce competition for talent recruitment,
laptops, developed a public cloud security policy, introduced and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as claims for technology and business; and aggressively defending against the Company cannot ensure timely fulfillment of its personnel
new technology for data protection, and improved email indemnification by its customers in instances where it has baseless litigation. demand.
phishing detection. TSMC also established an integrated and contractually agreed to indemnify its customers against
automatic security operation platform, and it regularly perform damages resulting from infringement claims. Risks Associated with Litigious and Non-litigious Matters In order to reduce the risk of talent recruitment, TSMC
employee awareness testing and conduct external security As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor encourages job rotation and implements on-the-job training
risk assessments. While these ongoing enhancements further TSMC has received, from time to time, communications industry, we have received from time to time communications and certification system. In this way, employees can learn
improve Company’s cybersecurity defense solutions, there can from third parties, including non-practicing entities from third parties asserting that its technologies, its and enhance their work efficiency in the actual work field.
be no assurance that the Company is immune to cyberattacks. and semiconductor companies, asserting that TSMC’s manufacturing processes, or the design of the semiconductors Moreover, TSMC creates multiple recruitment channels and
technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design IPs made by TSMC or the use of those semiconductors by its continues to hire top-notch talents from Taiwan and overseas.
In addition, TSMC employs certain third-party service providers of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those customers may infringe upon their patents or other intellectual TSMC recruits diversified and various special professional
for the Company and its affiliates worldwide with whom it semiconductors by its customers may infringe their patents property rights. These assertions have at times resulted in talents, and at the same time strengthen industry-academic
needs to share highly sensitive and confidential information to or other intellectual property rights. Because of the nature litigation by or against the Company and settlement payments cooperation. Grasp outstanding talents earlier can help TSMC
enable them to provide the relevant services. Despite that the of the industry, its market position, and the expansion by the Company. Irrespective of the validity of these claims, recruit them in the future.
Company requires the third-party service providers to comply of its manufacturing operations in foreign jurisdictions, TSMC could incur significant costs in the defense thereof or
with the confidentiality and/or internet security requirements the Company may receive an increased number of such could suffer adverse effects on its operations. TSMC is also Future R&D Plans and Expected R&D Spending
in its service agreements with them, there is no assurance that communications in the future. The assertions made and subject to antitrust compliance requirements and scrutiny by For additional details, see “5.2.7 Future R&D Plans” on page
each of them will strictly fulfill such obligations, or at all. The lawsuits initiated by litigious, well-funded, non-practicing governmental regulators in multiple jurisdictions. Any adverse 86-87 of this annual report.
on-site network systems of and the off-site cloud computing entities are particularly aggressive in their monetary demand results of such proceeding or other similar proceedings that
networks such as servers maintained by such service providers and in seeking court-issued injunctions. Such lawsuits and may arise in those jurisdictions could harm TSMC’s business Changes in Corporate Reputation and Impact on
and/or its contractors are also subject to risks associated with assertions may increase TSMC’s cost of doing business and may and distract its management, and thereby have a material Company’s Crisis Management
cyberattacks. If TSMC or its service providers are not able to potentially be extremely disruptive if these asserting entities adverse effect on its results of operations or prospects, and TSMC has established an excellent corporate reputation around
timely resolve the respective technical difficulties caused by succeed in blocking the trade of products made and services subject TSMC to potential significant legal liability. the world based on its core values of integrity, commitment,
such cyberattacks, or ensure the integrity and availability of offered by TSMC. Also, with the Company’s expansion of its innovation and customer trust. The Company’s positive image
its data (and data belonging to its customers and other third manufacturing operations into certain non-R.O.C. jurisdictions, Currently, TSMC’s material legal proceedings are as follows: also reflects outstanding operations, rigorous corporate
parties) or control of its or its service providers’ computing it has faced increased challenges in managing risks of governance and dedication to social responsibility by serving as
systems, the Company’s commitments to its customers and intellectual property misappropriation. Despite our efforts On September 28, 2017, TSMC was contacted by the a good corporate citizen. TSMC continues to pursue innovation
other stakeholders may be materially impaired and its results of to adopt robust measures to mitigate the risk of intellectual European Commission (the “Commission”), which asked in the economic, environmental and social dimensions of CSR.
operations, financial condition, prospects and reputation may property misappropriation in such new jurisdictions, we cannot us for information and documents concerning alleged
also be materially and adversely affected as a result. guarantee that the protection measures we adopted will be anti-competitive practices in relation to semiconductor sales.
116 117

--- Page 61 ---

In 2020, TSMC was honored with numerous awards for events, and utility supply disruption. TSMC sets crisis response income, and may have their fair value adversely affected due denominated assets and liabilities and certain forecasted
achievements in operations, corporate governance, patents, and recovery measures according to possible crisis events and to a rise in interest rates. At the same time, if interest rates fall, transactions. These hedges reduce, but do not entirely
profit growth, investor relations, environmental protection, maintains a “TSMC crisis command center control instruction” cash and cash equivalents as well as floating-rate securities may eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate
corporate sustainability and other fields. These included: the as well as a “TSMC emergency response procedure” to generate less interest income than expected. movements on its assets and liabilities.
Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy 2020 Taiwan Corporate establish its emergency response command structure. TSMC
Sustainability Awards’ Most Prestigious Sustainability Award, also holds regular exercises for crisis scenarios to ensure that TSMC has entered and may in the future enter into interest Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and
Platinum Medal For Sustainability Report, Sustainable Water crisis response procedures are comprehensive. rate futures to partially hedge the interest rate risk on its fixed the NT dollar may affect the U.S. dollar value of the Company’s
Management Award, Climate Leader Award, and Supply income investments. However, these hedges can offset only common shares and the market price of the Company’s
Chain Management Award; First Place in CommonWealth TSMC holds regular monthly meetings of the Environment, a small portion of the financial impact from movements in American Depositary Shares (ADSs) and of any cash dividends
Magazine’s Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility Safety and Health Committee, which coordinates relevant interest rates. paid in NT dollar on TSMC’s common shares represented by
Award for Large-Cap companies; ranked top 5% in the Taiwan departments in each fab to conduct regular emergency ADSs.
Stock Exchange corporate governance evaluation; member of response drills and continuously improve their notification All of the Company’s short-term debt is floating-rate, hence a
Fortune Magazine’s 2020 World’s Most Admired Companies and operational procedures to ensure clear channels of rise in interest rates may result in higher interest expense than ● Inflation
and the 2020 Global 500; the R.O.C. Ministry of Economic communication to stakeholders in crisis management, with the expected. The majority of its long-term debt is fixed-rate and In 2020 and as of the date of this annual report, inflation had
Affairs Industrial Development Bureau’s Green Factory Label public relations department serving as the designated gateway measured at amortized cost and as such, changes in interest no material impact on TSMC’s operations, or the business
and Energy Conservation Benchmark Award; the R.O.C. for external communications. rates would not affect the future cash flows and the carrying operations of its customers and suppliers.
Environmental Protection Administration’s Enterprise Green amount.
Procurement Award; Membership in the Corporate Knights In the event of an emergency, all departments immediately ● A mendments to Tax Regulations or Implementation of
100 Most Sustainable Corporations for 2020; ranked No.1 in deploy emergency response measures to eliminate or minimize Certain of TSMC’s fixed income investments and short-term New Tax Laws
the 2020 Carbon Clean 200 list by Corporate Knights and As impact on personnel safety, the surrounding environment, debt are primarily based on the London Interbank Offered Rate Any amendments to existing tax regulations or the
You Sow; Membership in the Wall Street Journal’s 100 Most company property and manufacturing operations. Responders (LIBOR), which is expected to be replaced by other benchmark implementation of any new tax laws in the jurisdictions in
Sustainably Managed Companies; and named Most Impactful also alert the public relations department at the earliest rates after 2021. TSMC cannot predict the consequences and which TSMC operates its business may have an adverse effect
Pioneer in the 2020 RE100 Leadership Awards. In addition, stages of response to ensure timely, clear and consistent timing of these developments, or whether such a transition on its net income.
TSMC was selected as a part of the Dow Jones Sustainability communication regarding the situation. might cause a reduction in its interest income and/or an
Indices for the 20th consecutive year. increase in its interest expense. While the Company is subject to tax laws and regulations
Risks Associated with Change in Management in various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts
TSMC adheres to its vision of uplifting society, and applies During 2020 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there ● Foreign Exchange Volatility business, TSMC’s principal operations are in the R.O.C. and it
technology and innovation to help humanity overcome were no such risks for TSMC. Substantially all of TSMC’s sales are denominated in U.S. dollars is exposed primarily to taxes levied by the R.O.C. government.
many challenges. As TSMC strives to excel in corporate social and over half of its capital expenditures are denominated in Any unfavorable changes of tax laws and regulations in this
responsibility, the Company also encourages employees to 6.3.4 Financial Risks currencies other than NT dollars, primarily in U.S. dollars, Euros, jurisdiction could increase TSMC’s effective tax rate and have
make innovative breakthroughs in how they think about things and Japanese yen. As a result, any significant fluctuations to an adverse effect on its operating results.
Economic Risks
and do things, as well as nurture their empathy and broaden its disadvantage in the exchange rate of the NT dollar against
their horizons. In 2020, the Corporate Social Responsibility ● Interest Rate Fluctuation such currencies, in particular a weakening of the U.S. dollar In order to control tax risk, the Company closely monitors
TSMC is exposed to interest rate risks primarily related to its
Executive Committee, led by Chairman Dr. Mark Liu, held the against the NT dollar, would have an adverse impact on the all domestic and foreign governmental policies and
investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest
first “TSMC CSR AWARD,” taking tangible action to encourage Company’s revenue and operating profit as expressed in NT regulations that might impact its financial operations. TSMC
rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash and
all employees to propose ideas for sustainability in the five dollars. For example, every one percent depreciation of the U.S. has established risk management procedures to collect
cash equivalents and fixed income securities, the fair value of
strategic directions of corporate social responsibility, including dollar against the NT dollar would result in an approximately information, analyze potential tax implications, and develop
those securities, as well as the interest paid on its debt.
green manufacturing, building a responsible supply chain, 0.4 percentage point decrease in the Company’s operating countermeasures.
creating an inclusive workplace, talent development, and margin based on its 2020 results.
The objective of TSMC’s investment policy is to achieve a
caring for the underprivileged. The award further motivates Risks Associated with External Financing
return that will allow the Company to preserve principal and
TSMC colleagues to think innovatively about their work, Conversely, if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly versus In times of market instability, sufficient external financing
support liquidity requirements. The policy generally requires
implement corporate social responsibility, and build further on other major currencies, the demand for the products and may not be available to the Company on a timely basis, on
the Company to invest in securities with investment grade and
the Company’s positive corporate reputation. services of TSMC’s customers and for TSMC’s goods and commercially reasonable terms to the Company, or at all. If
limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. TSMC’s
services will likely decrease, which will negatively affect the sufficient external financing is not available when TSMC needs
cash and cash equivalents as well as fixed income investments
With its global reputation in mind, TSMC employs numerous Company’s revenue. such financing to meet its capital requirements, the Company
in both fixed- and floating-rate securities carry a degree
preventative measures to address potential risks from may be forced to curtail its expansion, modify plans or delay
of interest rate risk. The majority of TSMC’s fixed income
earthquakes, fires, IT service disruption, yield loss, information TSMC uses foreign currency derivative contracts, such as the deployment of new or expanded services until it obtains
investments are fixed-rate securities, which are classified as
security, supply chain disruption, pandemics, environmental currency forwards or currency swaps, to protect against such financing.
financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
currency exchange rate risks associated with non-NT-dollar-
118 119

--- Page 62 ---

Risks Associated with High-Risk/Highly Leveraged is not able to estimate the extent or timing of any impairment TSMC has occasionally suffered power outages or surges in and to meet customers’ needs could be materially adversely
Investments; Lending, Endorsements, and Guarantees charge for future years. Any impairment charge required may Taiwan caused by difficulties encountered by its electricity affected.
for Other Parties; and Financial Derivative Transactions have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income. supplier, the Taiwan Power Company, or other power
In 2020 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC made consumers on the same power grid. Some of these have TSMC maintains a comprehensive risk management system
no high-risk or highly leveraged financial investments. The determination of an impairment charge at any given resulted in interruptions to TSMC operations. Such shortages or dedicated to the safety of people, the conservation of
time is mainly based on the projected results of operations interruptions in electricity supply could further be exacerbated natural resources and the protection of property. In order
In 2020 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC over several years subsequent to that time. Consequently, an by changes in the energy policy of the government, which to cope effectively with emergencies and natural disasters,
has provided guarantees to TSMC Global, a wholly-owned impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period intends to make Taiwan a nuclear-free country by 2025. If the management at each facility has developed comprehensive
subsidiary of TSMC, for its issuances of US dollar-denominated when the Company’s operating results are otherwise already Company is unable to secure reliable and uninterrupted supply plans and procedures that focus on risk prevention, emergency
senior unsecured bonds in amounts not to exceed US$7.5 depressed. See “Note 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS of electricity to power its manufacturing fabs within Taiwan, its response, crisis management and business continuity. All
billion in total. Among which, US$3 billion senior unsecured AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND UNCERTAINTY” in ability to fill customers’ orders would be severely jeopardized. TSMC manufacturing fabs have been ISO 14001 certified
bonds were already issued in September 2020. Since 2014, Annual Report section (II), Financial Statements for a discussion (environmental management system) and ISO 45001 certified
TSMC has provided a guarantee of no more than US$83.21 of how TSMC assesses if an impairment charge is required and, If such events were to occur over prolonged periods of (occupational health and safety management system). All
million to TSMC North America, a wholly owned subsidiary if so, how the amount is determined. time, TSMC’s operations and financial performance may be manufacturing fabs in Taiwan have also been TOSHMS (Taiwan
of TSMC, for its obligation to an office leasing contract. Since materially adversely affected. Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certified.
2020, TSMC Japan Limited has provided a guarantee of no 6.3.5 H azardous Risks and Utility Supply Interruption or New fabs will also attain the above certifications within 18
more than JPY1,320 million to TSMC Design Technology Japan, Shortage Risks Future expansions of TSMC’s operations in the R.O.C. could be months after acquiring factory registration certification.
Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of TSMC, for its obligation to limited by shortages in water and electricity, and the limited
The frequency and severity of disruptive events, including
an office leasing contract. availability of commercial-use land. TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity plans,
damaging earthquakes, other natural disasters and severe
which include periodic risk assessment, risk mitigation, and
weather, have been increasing in part due to climate change or
As of February 28, 2021, there were RMB 4.8 billion The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may materially adversely implementation through the establishment of emergency
systemic regional geological changes. TSMC has manufacturing
outstanding intercompany loans between TSMC’s subsidiaries, affect TSMC business and results of operations in several taskforces when necessary, combined with the preparation of
and other operations in locations subject to natural disasters
and US$3.1 billion outstanding intercompany loans between ways, including but not limited to: (1) interruption of the a thorough analysis of an emergency, its impact, alternative
such as flooding, earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons and
TSMC and its subsidiary. All intercompany loans were in operations of TSMC’s supply chains for equipment, parts and actions, and solutions for each possible scenario together with
droughts that may cause interruptions or shortages in the
compliance with relevant rules and regulations. materials in terms of manufacturing, logistics, and manpower appropriate precautionary and/or recovery measures. Each
supply of utilities, such as water and electricity, which in turn
arrangements for tool installation; (2) significant fluctuation taskforce is given the responsibility of ensuring TSMC’s ability
could disrupt operations. For example, in 2021, Taiwan has
All derivative financial transactions entered in 2020 by TSMC in TSMC customers’ demands for certain products, leading to minimize personal injury, business disruption and financial
faced one of the worst droughts in decades. Government
were strictly for hedging and not for trading or speculative to uncertainties for TSMC’s capacity planning and also for impact under the circumstances. TSMC periodically reviews its
restrictions on supply and usage of water by industrial
purposes. For more transaction information and risk meeting customers’ demand, which may harm TSMC’s business continuity plans and revise it according to exercise
companies such as TSMC in response to such severe weather
assessment, please refer to Note 7, Note 10, and Note 32 of business with customers and subject TSMC to risks of legal results and implementation.
events could also disrupt our operations. In addition, TSMC’s
the annual report section (II), Financial Statements. disputes; and (3) potential production delays for TSMC’s
suppliers and customers also have operations in such locations.
products due to forced factory or office closures or partial In response to the impact of the earthquake that occurred in
For example, most of TSMC’s production facilities, as well as
To manage risks of various financial transactions, TSMC has operation. Taiwan, TSMC continued to improve its earthquake emergency
those of many of its suppliers and customers and upstream
established internal control policies and procedures based response, tool anchorage and seismic isolation facilities, and
providers of complementary semiconductor manufacturing
on sound financial and business practices, all in compliance The Company has implemented various measures to address readiness for tool salvage and production recovery. These
services, are located in Taiwan and Japan, areas susceptible to
with the relevant rules and regulations issued by the Taiwan the abovementioned risks, including but not limited to, improvements have also been integrated into new fab design.
earthquakes, tsunamis, flooding, typhoons, and droughts from
Securities and Futures Bureau. TSMC’s policies and procedures health management of TSMC’s employees, management TSMC business continuity procedures were further enhanced
time to time that may cause shortages in electricity or water, or
include “Procedures for Financial Derivatives Transactions,” of production inventory, supply chain risk management, through the compliance with ISO 22301.
interruptions to the Company’s operations.
“Procedures for Lending Funds to Other Parties,” “Procedures and capacity management for demand changes. TSMC has
for Acquisition or Disposal of Assets,” and “Procedures for formed an “Epidemic Prevention Committee” to identify, TSMC and many of its suppliers use combustible and toxic
Thus, if one or more natural disasters that result in a prolonged
Endorsement and Guarantee”. implement and monitor such actions as required by the materials in their manufacturing processes and are therefore
disruption to TSMC’s operations or those of its customers or
dynamic exigencies arising from the pandemic. As of the date subject to risks that cannot be completely eliminated arising
suppliers, or if any of its fabs or vendor facilities were to be
Risks Associated with Impairment Charges of this annual report, TSMC’s current business and results of from explosion, fire, or environmental influences. Although
damaged or cease operations as a result of an explosion or
Under Taiwan-IFRSs, TSMC is required to evaluate its tangible operations have not been materially affected by the pandemic, the Company maintains many overlapping risk prevention
fire, it could reduce the Company’s manufacturing capacity
assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment partially due to such trends as work-from-home and distance and protection systems, as well as fire and casualty insurance,
and cause the loss of important customers and thereby have
whenever triggering events or changes in circumstances learning emerged to help accelerate the digital transformation. TSMC’s risk management and insurance coverage may not
an adverse and material impact on its operational and financial
indicate that the asset may be impaired. If certain criteria are However, there is no certainty that the measures the Company always be sufficient to cover all of the Company’s potential
performance.
met, TSMC is required to record an impairment charge. TSMC has taken will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by losses. If any of TSMC’s fabs or vendor facilities were to be
COVID-19, and TSMC’s ability to perform critical functions damaged or cease operations as a result of an explosion,
120 121

--- Page 63 ---

fire or environmental causes, it could reduce the Company’s Complying with applicable laws and regulations, such as Risks of Trade Policies
manufacturing capacity leading to the loss of important environmental and climate related laws and regulations, could As TSMC’s revenue is primarily derived from sales to major
sales and customers and as a negative impact on TSMC’s also require TSMC, among other things, to do the following: economies in the world (please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position,
financial performance. In addition to periodic fire-protection (1) purchase, use or install remedial equipment; (2) implement Differentiation and Strategy” on page 15-17 of this annual
inspections and firefighting drills, the Company has also carried remedial programs such as climate change mitigation report), any changes in the trade policies (such as the increase
out a corporate-wide fire risk mitigation project focused on programs; (3) modify its product designs and manufacturing of tariffs on certain products, the implementation of import
managerial and hardware improvements. processes, or incur other significant expenses such as obtaining and export controls, and the adoption of other trade barriers)
substitute raw materials or chemicals that may cost more or be of such major economies can affect the sales of TSMC or
6.3.6 R isks Regarding Non-Compliance with Export less available for the Company’s operations. its customers and thereby affect TSMC’s operating results.
Control, Environmental and Climate Change TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
Related Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure TSMC’s inability to timely obtain approvals necessary for and measures among the relevant major economies and will
to Timely Obtain Requisite Approvals Necessary for the conduct of its business could impair its operational and take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
Conducting Business financial results. For example, if the Company is unable to subsequent developments.
timely obtain environmental related approvals needed to
Because TSMC engages in manufacturing activities in multiple
undertake the development and construction of a new fab In May 2020 and again in August 2020, the U.S. tightened its
jurisdictions and conducts business with its customers
or expansion project, then such inability may delay, limit, or export control measures against Huawei Technology Co. Ltd.
located worldwide, such activities are subject to a myriad of
increase the cost of its expansion plans that could also in turn and its affiliates (collectively, “Huawei”), including an expanded
governmental regulations. For example, the manufacturing,
adversely affect its business and operational results. In light license requirement for providing Huawei with items subject
assembling and testing of TSMC’s products require the
of increased public interest in environmental issues, TSMC’s to the U.S. export control jurisdiction. To comply with relevant
use of metals, chemicals, and materials that are subject
operations and expansion plans may be adversely affected or laws and regulations, we have discontinued shipment of
to environmental, climate-related, health and safety, and
delayed responding to public concern and social environmental products to Huawei since September 15, 2020. On the other
humanitarian conflict-free sourcing laws, regulations and
pressures even if the Company complies with all applicable hand, measures adopted by an affected country to counteract
guidelines issued worldwide.
laws and regulations. impacts of another country’s actions or regulations could
lead to significant legal liability to multinational corporations
The Company’s failure to comply with any such laws or
TSMC believes that climate change should be regarded as a including our own. For example, in January 2021, China
regulations, as amended from time to time, and its failure to
significant corporate risk that must be controlled to improve adopted a blocking statute that, among other matters, entitles
comply with any information and document sharing requests
competitiveness. For TSMC’s climate change related risks Chinese entities incurring damages from a multinational’s
from the relevant authorities in a timely manner could result in:
and control measures, see the Climate Change and Energy compliance with foreign laws to seek civil remedies.
● significant penalties and legal liabilities, such as the denial Management section under “7.2.1 Environmental Protection“
of import or export permits or third-party private lawsuits,
on page 131-132 of this annual report. As of the date of this annual report, our current results of
criminal or administrative proceedings;
operations have not been materially affected. Nevertheless,
● the temporary or permanent suspension of production of the 6.3.7 Other Risks depending on future developments of global trade tensions,
affected products;
such relevant regulations, rules, or measures may have an
● unfavorable in alterations in TSMC’s manufacturing, Potential Impact and Risks Associated with Sales of adverse impact on our business and operations, and we may
fabrication and assembly and test processes; Significant Numbers of Shares by TSMC’s Directors,
incur significant legal liability and financial losses as a result.
● challenges from its customers that place TSMC at a significant and/or Major Shareholders Who Own 10% or More of
competitive disadvantage, such as loss of actual or potential TSMC’s Total Outstanding Shares
TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
sales contracts in case the Company is unable to satisfy the The value of TSMC shareholders’ investment may be reduced
and measures among the relevant major economies and will
applicable legal standard or customer requirement; by possible future sales of TSMC shares owned by major
take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
● restrictions on TSMC’s operations or sales; shareholders. subsequent developments.
● loss of tax benefits, including termination of current tax
incentives, disqualification of tax credit application and As of the date of this annual report, no single shareholder
Other Material Risks
repayment of the tax benefits that the Company is not owned 10% or more of TSMC’s total outstanding shares.
In 2020 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC’s
entitled to; and
management was not aware of any other risk that could have
● damages to TSMC’s goodwill and reputation. a potentially material impact on the financial status of the
Company.
122 123

--- Page 64 ---

112244 112255

--- Page 65 ---

7.1 Overview The Chairperson of the ESG Committee reports quarterly to the Board of Directors on implementation results and the work planned
in the future. In 2020, TSMC focused on strengthening renewable energy adoption, driving in-house reuse rate of resources to
The Company’s four core values of integrity, commitment, innovation, and customer trust remain as the core values of TSMC’s
realize circular economics, applying circular economy, and launching the TSMC Urban Greenery Project. To build a sustainable
culture. As the world’s leading semiconductor foundry and a trusted technology and capacity provider, TSMC seeks, in addition
supply chain, the Company implemented a signed supplier code of conduct, performed supplier risk assessments and launched
to continued success in its business endeavors, to fulfill its ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) management. For TSMC
Supply Online 360, a Global responsible supply chain management platform, to extend TSMC’s high operational standards. The
these responsibilities fall into three primary missions: acting with integrity, strengthening environmental protection and caring
Company also created an inclusive workplace by piloting a “Psychological Safety” program to enable open communication and
for the disadvantaged. For each of these missions the Company has established concrete, measurable long-term goals, as well as
develop semiconductor talent and support through STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) education. To have
corresponding action plans to review and correct periodically, consistently creating value for all stakeholders.
a positive social impact, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and the TSMC Charity Foundation also actively support and
promote youth development, culture and art, and care for the disadvantaged.
Guidance for the Implementation of ESG
TSMC’s “ESG Policy” is the overarching guiding principle for sustainable development. The “ESG Matrix” set by the Company’s
Stakeholder Engagement
founder Dr. Morris Chang, clearly defines the scope of TSMC’s ESG responsibility. The horizontal axis shows the seven areas where
TSMC respects all stakeholder rights. To understand the level of interest in sustainability issues, TSMC uses multiple systematic channels
TSMC strives to demonstrate its ESG commitment: morality, business ethics, economy, rule of law, sustainability, work/life balance
to communicate with stakeholders, including the “Contact Us” section of the corporate website, the ESG website and the ESG
and happiness, and philanthropy. On the vertical axis are actions that TSMC has taken to fulfill these responsibilities.
mailbox, the Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System, as well as the new Supply Chain Worker Grievance Channel, established in
2020. TSMC has conducted three studies focused on identification, prioritization and validation with regard to these issues.
TSMC ESG Matrix
Work/Life In 2020, the TSMC ESG mailbox received 445 valid emails on subjects ranging from corporate governance, innovation and services,
Society
Morality Business Ethics Economy Rule of Law Sustainability Balance Philanthropy
TSMC to supply chain management, green manufacturing, inclusive workplace, and social investments. Submissions were primarily
Happiness
regarding requests for inquiries on operations, proposals for donations and collaborations, opinion and feedback from the public
Integrity V V
and visits. TSMC responded through direct action from related departments and timely replies from the public relations department,
Law Compliance V
Anti-Corruption supporting communication with the public as well as positive development in society.
Anti-Bribery V V V
Anti-Cronyism
Stakeholders and Communication Channels in 2020
Environmental Protection
Climate Control V V
Energy Conservation Stakeholders Communication Channels
Corporate Governance V V V Employees ●C ommunications and working meetings throughout all levels and all units of the Company
Provide Well-Paying Jobs V V
●C orporate intranet, internal emails and other announcement channels (such as promotion posters at facilities)
●H uman resources representatives
Good Shareholder Return V ●E mployee training and classroom courses
●R egular and ad-hoc communication meetings, such as Manager Development Consulting Committee, Operations Engineer Training Committee, Manufacturing
Employees’ Work-Life Balance V Department Technical Committee, Proprietary Information Protection (PIP) Committee, etc.
Encourage Innovation V V ●E mployee voice channels, such as Immediate Response System, Employee Opinion Box, Wellness Center, wellness website, Employee PIP Opinion Dedicated Line, etc.
●O mbudsman System
Good Work Environment V ●A udit Committee Whistleblower System
TSMC Charity Foundation V V V ● ● E T   h W e C b e ie v n e n n i t a q l “ u E e m sti p o l n o n ye a e ir e O s p u in rv io e n y Survey on Company Core Values”
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation V V V Shareholders/Investors ●A nnual general meeting of shareholders
●Q uarterly earnings conference call
●Investor conferences
ESG Management ●F ace-to-face meetings, video conference call and telephone conference call
●E mails
In compliance with the vision and missions of TSMC’s ESG Policy, the ESG Steering Committee serves as the highest-level ESG ●A nnual reports, CSR reports, 20-F filings to US SEC
●M aterial announcements to Taiwan Stock Exchange, and corporate press releases on the Company’s website
decision-making center within the Company and is committed to aligning TSMC more closely with international sustainability
Customers ●C ustomer satisfaction survey
trends. TSMC’s Chairman chairs the ESG Steering Committee, and the Chairperson of the ESG Committee serves as Executive ●C ustomer meetings
●C ustomer audits
Secretary. Together with senior executives from a wide variety of functions, they survey the Company’s core operating capabilities, ●B usiness and technology assessment
set the medium- to long-term strategic direction for ESG, and draft the blueprint to link the Company’s core competencies with the ●E mail responses to the issues that customers are concerned
UN sustainable development goals (SDGs).
Suppliers/Contractors ●S upplier meetings
●S upply Chain Security Association Meetings
●S upply Chain Management Forum
●R esponsible Supply Chain Forum
The Company’s ESG Committee serves as a cross-departmental communication platform. Through quarterly meetings and ●E nvironmental, Safety, and Health Training Program–Experience Sharing Workshops
●S upplier Ethics and Code of Conduct Promotion
issue-based discussions by cross-organizational teams, the committee members jointly set the Company’s ESG strategies, identify ●O n-site consult and audit
key issues for the year, draft ESG-related budgets for their organizations and coordinate resource deployment, as well as plan and
●S upply Online 360 – Global responsible supply chain management platform
●S upplier self-assessment questionnaire and Supplier Survey on Ethics
carry out annual projects. The Committee pursues sustainability objectives of interest to all stakeholders and ensures ESG strategies ●S upply Chain Worker Grievance Channel
are implemented effectively in the Company’s daily operations. Government ●O fficial correspondence and visits
●Industry experience and advice sharing, and keynote speeches
●M eetings (such as communication meetings, public hearings, forums, seminars or social gatherings)
●C ommunication platforms of the industry associations and NGOs
(Continued)
126 127

[TABLE START]

Society
TSMC	Morality	Business Ethics	Economy	Rule of Law	Sustainability	Work/Life
Balance
Happiness	Philanthropy
	V	V					
				V			
	V	V		V			
				V	V		
		V	V	V			
			V			V	
			V				
						V	
		V	V				
						V	
					V	V	
					V	V	
Stakeholders	Communication Channels

[TABLE END]


--- Page 66 ---

2020 ESG Awards and Ratings
Stakeholders Communication Channels
Society ●Arts events in the communities Category Organization Awards and Ratings
●Sponsorship of youth development events
●Sponsorship of charity projects and emergency aid Overall ESG Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) ●Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 20th consecutive year
●Sponsorship of non-profit organizations to support educational projects ●Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index
●Professorship endowments and student scholarships at universities
●Project collaboration and visits RobecoSAM (S&P Global) ●The Sustainability Yearbook Award 2020 – Gold Class
●Support of non-profit organizations and institutions via monetary and in-kind donation, as well as providing necessary manpower for a good cause
●Regular visits to National Museum of Science, Hsinchu Veterans Home, St. Teresa Children Center, Jacana Ecology Education Park, remote schools and TSMC MSCI ESG Indexes ●MSCI ACWI ESG Leaders Index component
ecological parks to provide volunteer services ●MSCI ESG Research – AAA Ratings
●Annual volunteer activities in collaboration with TSMC fabs and divisions ●MSCI ACWI SRI Index component
●TSMC ESG website, newsletters, mailbox and Facebook page ●MSCI ACWI Islamic Index component
●TSMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation websites ●MSCI Emerging Markets ESG Leaders Index
●“Sending Love” charity platform
Sustainalytics ●“Top Rated” within the Semiconductor Industry
Responsibilities of ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee Members FTSE4Good Index ●FTSE4Good Emerging Index component
●FTSE4Good All-World Index component
●FTSE4Good TIP Taiwan ESG Index component
Committee Members Responsibilities Stakeholders
RE100 ●RE100 Leadership Awards 2020 – Most Impactful Pioneer
Legal Corporate Governance, Code of Conduct, Legal Compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal Employees
information, and protection for whistle-blowers), Intellectual Property, Protection of Confidential Information Government Wall Street Journal ●The 100 Most Sustainably Managed Companies in the World
Society (Note)
Corporate Knights ●Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations
Customer Service Customers’ Service and Satisfaction, Customer Trust, Customer Confidentiality, RBA and its Code of Conduct Customers
World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) ●SDG 2000 – The 2,000 Most Influential Companies
Information Technology and Materials & Risk Information Security, Materials and Supply Chain Risk Management, Supplier Management, Conflict Minerals, RBA and Employees
Management its Code of Conduct; Risk Management, Crisis Management, Emergency Response and Action Plan Shareholders/Investors CommonWealth Magazine ●Corporate Social Responsibility Award – Large cap – 1st Place
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors Taiwan Institute of Sustainable Energy ●The Most Prestigious Sustainability Awards – Top Ten Domestic Corporates – for the 5th consecutive year
Government ●Taiwan Top 50 Corporate Responsibility Report Awards – IT & IC Manufacturing – Platinum Award
Society ●English Report – Platinum Award
●Sustainable Water Management Awards
Quality and Reliability Product Quality and Reliability, Product Recall Mechanism Customers ●Climate Leadership Awards
Suppliers/Contractors ●Supply Chain Management Awards
Research and Development Innovation Management, Green Products Employees Economy, Governance Institutional Investor Magazine ●Most Honored Company (Technology/Semiconductors) – All-Asia
Customers ●Best ESG (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
Suppliers/Contractors ●Best CEO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best CFO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
Business Development Shaping an Energy-efficient Technology Roadmap, Building Alliance with Customers to Foster Smarter, Greener Product Employees ●Best Investor Relations Program (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
Innovations, Establishing & Promoting TSMC as a Responsible Technology Thought Leader, and Sharing its Experiences Customers ●Best Investor Relations Professional (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
and Achievements Society ●Best Investor Relations Team (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
Finance Financial Disclosure, Dividend Policy, Tax Strategy Employees IFI Claims ●2020 Top 50 US Patent Assignees
Shareholders/Investors
Customers Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers ●2021 IEEE Corporate Innovation Award
Suppliers/Contractors (IEEE)
Government
Forbes ●Global 2000
Investor Relations Resolving Issues of Stakeholder Concern, Establishing Trusting Long-term Relationships, Effective Two-way Shareholders/Investors
Communication, Annual Report Production FORTUNE ●2020 World’s Most Admired Companies
●Fortune Global 500
Operations Operational Eco-efficiency, Pollution Prevention, Water Resource Risk Management, Green Manufacturing Customers
Shareholders/Investors Brand Finance ●Tech 100 2020
Suppliers/Contractors
Asiamoney ●Most Outstanding Company in Taiwan – Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment Sector
Environment, Safety and Health Environmental Policy and Management System, Climate Change Mitigation and Adaption, Pollution Prevention, Energy Employees
Consumption Efficiency, Carbon Emissions and Carbon Rights Management, Product Environmental Responsibility, Shareholders/Investors Business Today ●Top 1,000 Enterprises in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China
Response Mechanism for Environmental Issues, Environmental Spending, Green Supply Chain, Policy and Management Customers
Systems for Occupational Health and Safety, Workplace Health and Safety, Occupational Disease Prevention and Health Suppliers/Contractors Taiwan Stock Exchange ●Top 5% in Corporate Governance Evaluation of Listed Companies for the 6th consecutive year
Promotion, Communication of ESH Regulations Government
Society PricewaterhouseCoopers ●Global Top 100 Companies by market capitalization for the 8th consecutive year
Human Resources Talent Attraction and Retention, Employees’ Physical and Mental Well-being and Work-life Balance, Labor-management Employees R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual ●Ranked No. 1 in Taiwan patent applications for the 5th consecutive year
Relations and Employee Engagement, Labor Rights, Training and Development, Mobility, RBA and its Code of Conduct Property Office
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Philanthropy, Community Relations Society Corporate Synergy Development Center ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Gold Tower Award – Advanced Packaging Technology and Service,
TSMC Charity Foundation Intelligent Manufacturing Center, Fab 14A, Fab 15B
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Silver Tower Award – Fab 3
Public Relations Stakeholder Engagement, Mechanism for Reflecting Issues of Social Concern, Media Relations Society ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Best Improvement Innovation Award – Advanced Packaging Technology
and Service
Note: Society includes community, non-governmental organizations, non-profit organizations and the public.
Environment, Safety and Health Corporate Knights & As You Sow ●2020 Carbon Clean 200TM List – 1st Place
TSMC believes that companies exist to bring positive change to the world. The Company knows that the future is filled with CDP ●Climate Change – A-
●Water Security – A
challenges but it will always stay true to its cornerstones of – integrity and responsible operations. TSMC has chosen nine major
Alliance for Water Stewardship（AWS） ●“Platinum” class certification – Fab 15A, Fab 15B
United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), drafted 2030 long-term goals, and implemented sustainable approaches
U.S. Green Building Council Leadership in Energy ●“Gold” class certification – Fab 15 P7, Fab 18 P1 Manufacturing Facility
accordingly. With Goal 17 of the SDG – global partnerships – at the core, TSMC collaborates with stakeholders inside and outside and Environmental Design (LEED) certification
the Company as well as with business partners along the value chain. Through participation, cooperation, and dialogue, TSMC R.O.C. Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of ●Excellence in Voluntary Carbon Offsets Award – Fab 14B, Fab 15A
Economic Affairs ●Green Factory – Fab 14 P7
actively creates sustainable values in the governance/economy, the environment and society for its stakeholders, and has become
Society Cheers ●Top 10 Most Admired Companies to Young Generations
the only semiconductor company chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indices over the past 20 consecutive years.
Forbes ●World’s Best Employers
128 129

[TABLE START]

Stakeholders	Communication Channels
Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)	
	RobecoSAM (S&P Global)	
	MSCI ESG Indexes	
	Sustainalytics	
	FTSE4Good Index	
	RE100	
	Wall Street Journal	
	Corporate Knights	
	World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)	
	CommonWealth Magazine	
	Taiwan Institute of Sustainable Energy	
	Institutional Investor Magazine	
	IFI Claims	
	Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
(IEEE)	
	Forbes	
	FORTUNE	
	Brand Finance	
	Asiamoney	
	Business Today	
	Taiwan Stock Exchange	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual
Property Office	
	Corporate Synergy Development Center	
	Corporate Knights & As You Sow	
	CDP	
	Alliance for Water Stewardship（AWS）	
	U.S. Green Building Council Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) certification	
	R.O.C. Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of
Economic Affairs	
	Cheers	
	Forbes	
Committee Members	Responsibilities	Stakeholders
	Corporate Governance, Code of Conduct, Legal Compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal
information, and protection for whistle-blowers), Intellectual Property, Protection of Confidential Information	
	Customers’ Service and Satisfaction, Customer Trust, Customer Confidentiality, RBA and its Code of Conduct	
	Information Security, Materials and Supply Chain Risk Management, Supplier Management, Conflict Minerals, RBA and
its Code of Conduct; Risk Management, Crisis Management, Emergency Response and Action Plan	
	Product Quality and Reliability, Product Recall Mechanism	
	Innovation Management, Green Products	
	Shaping an Energy-efficient Technology Roadmap, Building Alliance with Customers to Foster Smarter, Greener Product
Innovations, Establishing & Promoting TSMC as a Responsible Technology Thought Leader, and Sharing its Experiences
and Achievements	
	Financial Disclosure, Dividend Policy, Tax Strategy	
	Resolving Issues of Stakeholder Concern, Establishing Trusting Long-term Relationships, Effective Two-way
Communication, Annual Report Production	
	Operational Eco-efficiency, Pollution Prevention, Water Resource Risk Management, Green Manufacturing	
	Environmental Policy and Management System, Climate Change Mitigation and Adaption, Pollution Prevention, Energy
Consumption Efficiency, Carbon Emissions and Carbon Rights Management, Product Environmental Responsibility,
Response Mechanism for Environmental Issues, Environmental Spending, Green Supply Chain, Policy and Management
Systems for Occupational Health and Safety, Workplace Health and Safety, Occupational Disease Prevention and Health
Promotion, Communication of ESH Regulations	
	Talent Attraction and Retention, Employees’ Physical and Mental Well-being and Work-life Balance, Labor-management
Relations and Employee Engagement, Labor Rights, Training and Development, Mobility, RBA and its Code of Conduct	
	Philanthropy, Community Relations	
	Stakeholder Engagement, Mechanism for Reflecting Issues of Social Concern, Media Relations	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 67 ---

7.2 E nvironmental, Safety and Health (ESH) In addition, TSMC started a project for reducing usage of TSMC collaborates with suppliers to improve the sustainability of the Company’s supply chain regarding ESH-related issues, such
Management hazardous substance N-methylpyrrolidinone (NMP) in 2016. as environmental protection, compliance of safety and hygiene codes, hazardous substance management, fire protection, and
NMP unit product usage has been reduced 59% by 2020 mitigation of natural disaster. The Company not only performs ESH audits at its suppliers’ manufacturing sites, but also proactively
TSMC believes its environmental, safety and health practices
comparing to 2016, and the project will continue promoting assists them to improve ESH performance.
must not only meet legal requirements, but should also align
for further reduction.
with internationally recognized best practices. The Company’s
In addition, TSMC monitors potential climate-change related risks in the supply chain. The Company requests that suppliers conduct
ESH policies aim to achieve “zero incident” and “environmental
Since 2011, TSMC has adopted the ISO 50001 Energy carbon emissions inventory and encourages them to implement measures to save energy, reduce carbon emissions, conserve water
sustainability” and to make TSMC a world-class organization in
Management System for the continuous improvement and reduce waste.
environmental, safety and health management. The Company’s
in energy conservation. In 2019, all TSMC fabs in Taiwan
strategies for attaining these goals are to comply with
received ISO 50001 Energy Management System certification, In recent years, TSMC suppliers have made excellent progress in procedure establishment and implementation for pollution control
regulations, promote safety and health, strengthen recycling
and all TSMC overseas subsidiaries scheduled to receive the and safety management. To take it a step further, the Company has given greater attention to occupational hygiene issues directly
and pollution prevention, manage ESH risks, instill an ESH
certification in 2019 have had their certifications postponed to related to labor health. In 2017, TSMC and the Ministry of Labor Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OHSA) jointly
culture, establish a green supply chain, and fulfill its related
2021 due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic. launched the “Semiconductor Supply Chain Safety and Health Promotion Project”. TSMC also invited suppliers to participate in the
corporate social responsibilities.
project. As engaged by OSHA, a professional team has taken on the responsibility of providing consultation through document
Aiming to establish the healthiest possible workplace, in 2017 review and onsite inspection to participating suppliers on management procedures and hardware setup in order to improve the
All TSMC manufacturing facilities have received ISO 14001:
TSMC formed a corporate-level health promotion committee working environment and labor health management.
2015 certification for environmental management systems
led by managers at the vice president level. The committee
and ISO 45001: 2018 certification for occupational safety
members include site directors, managers of safety and health 7.2.1 Environmental Protection
and health management systems. All fabs in Taiwan have
department, and representatives from wellness, HR and legal
been TOSHMS (Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Climate Change and Energy Management
affairs divisions. External experts have also been invited to
Management System) certified since 2009. The International discuss the potential risks of occupational diseases in the ● Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Organization for Standardization (ISO) released the latest Given that climate change could potentially affect operations and pose financial risk, in 2018 TSMC adopted recommendations
semiconductor manufacturing process and prevention plans for
version of ISO 45001: 2018 to replace OHSAS 18001 in March of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) released by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to identify risk and
such diseases. To mitigate health risks to employees, suppliers
2018. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan received ISO 45001: 2018 opportunities, and further established metrics and target management based on the identification results.
and contractors in the workplace, TSMC has adopted rigorous
certification in August 2019. All TSMC subsidiaries obtained
safety and health control measures focused on preventing
certification in 2020. Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risk and Opportunity
occupational injuries and diseases and promoting employee
safety, physical and mental health. Category Management Strategy and Actions
TSMC strives for continuous improvement and actively seeks
Governance Board of Directors periodically reviews climate change related risk and opportunity
to enhance climate-change management, pollution prevention ●E SG Steering Committee led by Chairman is the Company’s top organization that deals with climate change management. The chairperson of ESG Committee serves as the
To mitigate the supply chain risk and fulfill corporate social Executive Secretary. ESG Steering Committee reviews TSMC’s climate change strategies and goals every six months and reports to the Board of Directors. (The Corporate
and control, power and resource conservation, waste reduction Social Responsibility Executive Committee has been renamed as ESG Steering Committee in 2021. The frequency of regular meetings has been increased from semi-annual to
responsibility, TSMC not only follows ESH best practices
quarterly.)
and recycling, safety and health management, fire and internally but also strives to improve the ESH performance of its ●T he Energy and Carbon Reduction Committee led by the senior vice presidents of Fab operations is the organization that deals with action implementation of climate change
explosion prevention as well as to minimize the impact of risk and opportunity in TSMC. This committee develops management plans, reviews the execution status and discusses future plans on a quarterly basis.
suppliers and contractors through audits and counseling.
earthquake damage, so as to reduce overall environmental, Strategy Identify short, medium and long term climate risks and opportunities through cross-departmental discussion
safety and health risks. Assess the potential operational and financial impact of significant climate risks and opportunities to the company
TSMC uses priority work management and self-management
Conduct situational analysis, evaluate SBT and net-zero emission
to govern services provided by contractors. The Company
Risk Management Use of the TCFD framework to establish TSMC’s climate risk identification process
In order to meet regulatory and customer requirements for the
requires contractors performing level-one high-risk operations
Follow the risk identification and ranking on climate change to develop relevant responding projects
management of hazardous materials, TSMC has adopted the
to complete certification for technicians and to establish their
Integrate climate risk identification and assessment into the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process
IECQ QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management
own ISO 45001 safety and health management system. The
Metrics and Targets Set management metrics related to climate change
(HSPM) System. All TSMC manufacturing facilities have been
promotion of self-management aims at improving sense of
Examine the impact on company operations and assess the risks and mitigation strategies for scope 1, 2 and 3 through annual inventory of ISO 14064-1 and disclosure of
QC 080000 certified since 2007. Through the establishment
responsibility, with the goal of promoting safety awareness and greenhouse gas emissions
of QC 080000, TSMC ensures that its products comply with
technical improvement for all contractors in the industry. For Develop climate change management objectives and review achievement progress and actual performance
international regulatory and customer requirements, including
onsite contractor personnel, TSMC has standardized courses on
the European Union’s “Restriction of Hazardous Substances
safety and health and increased the frequency of such courses
(RoHS) Directive,” the EU’s “Registration, Evaluation,
to improve training effectiveness and safety awareness. To
Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH),” the
ensure the Company’s safety protocols are accurately delivered
“Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone
to contractors on a timely basis, TSMC has established a digital
Layer,” the “halogen-free in electronic products” initiative,
platform for mutual communication so that onsite operational
Perfluorooctane Sulfonates (PFOS), Perfluorooctanoic Acid
risks can be mitigated.
(PFOA) and its related substances restriction standards.
130 131

[TABLE START]

Category	Management Strategy and Actions

[TABLE END]


--- Page 68 ---

Financial Impact Analysis of Climate Risks and Opportunities come from electricity consumption, TSMC always emphasizes 2020 for being the first to purchase large amounts of
energy conservation and carbon reduction initiatives. TSMC renewable electricity in Taiwan and taking practical action to
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2020 Actions
has not only implemented energy-conserving designs in its support green energy.
GHG emissions cap and Restriction on capacity expansion, ●Participation in renewable energy plans Early purchases of renewable ●TSMC’s power purchasing agreements for
carbon tax/carbon fee increase in operation costs ●Participation in carbon trading market energy, successfully increasing renewable energy totaled 1.3 GW (Gigawatts) manufacturing fabs and offices but has also continuously
production capacity ●Purchased 1,230 GWh in renewable energy,
renewable energy certificates (REC), and carbon improved the energy efficiency of its facilities during operation. Air and Water Pollution Control
credit to offset 100% of the electricity carbon
emissions of our overseas subsidiaries, global These efforts simultaneously reduce both carbon dioxide gas The Company has installed effective air and water pollution
offices and offices. emissions and costs. TSMC has accumulated 1.7 billion kilowatt control equipment in each wafer fab to meet regulatory
Trend of net zero emission ●Increased cost of installation and Win public recognition and Carbon emission Accumulate carbon credits in ●Passed the application for Fluorinated- hours (kWh) power conservation since 2016. emissions standards. In addition, TSMC maintains backup
operation for carbon reduction offset cooperation preparation for future Carbon Greenhouse Gas and Nitrous Oxide reduction
facilities emission offset offset project reward pollution control systems, including emergency power
●Increased cost of purchasing ●TSMC Global Offices used Carbon Credit to
carbon offset products achieve Net Zero Emission From 2015 to 2017, TSMC voluntarily participated in the supplies, to lower the risk of pollutant emissions in the event
Develop low-carbon product service to Satisfy customers’ needs of ●Involved the production of 5nm energy saving Republic of China Ministry of Economic Affairs’ green power of equipment failure. The Company centrally monitors the
upgrade product energy efficiency energy-saving products and production
purchasing program for three consecutive years and became operations of its air and water pollution control equipment
increase revenue
the largest buyer in Taiwan, purchasing 400 million kilowatt around the clock and treats system effectiveness as an
Commitment of EIA The expansion of advanced Use reclaimed water Smooth construction of advanced ●Started the construction of TSMC reclaimed water
(Environmental Impact technologies would be hampered production lines plant in Southern Taiwan Science Park hours of green power. Although the Taiwan Power Company important tracking item to ensure the quality of emitted air
Assessment) by the lack of success in obtaining
renewable energy and reclaimed stopped selling green power in 2018, TSMC still aggressively and discharged water.
water
negotiates the purchase of renewable energy with renewable
Uncertainty of Raising of electricity consumption Construct green buildings Lower utility costs ●Applied and received 2 green building
development of new of advance technology production certifications energy suppliers in Taiwan. Targeting a long-term commitment To make the most effective use of Taiwan’s limited water
energy saving technology line leads to increase of
of 100% renewable energy for the Company, TSMC is first resources, all TSMC fabs strive to increase water reclamation
production cost
committed to achieving a target of 25% renewable energy rates by adjusting the water usage of manufacturing
Impact on the Company’s Unable to satisfy the expectations Increase company’s reputation Upgrade the performance of ●Leads the industry as the only semiconductor
reputation of stakeholders, impacting the stakeholders’ sustainability ranking company chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability for fabs and 100% renewable energy for non-fab facilities equipment and improving wastewater reclamation systems.
Company’s reputation Indices (DJSI) for 20 consecutive years
●TSMC ranked as one of CDP Change Climate and by 2030. Since 2018, the overseas manufacturing fabs and All fabs meet or exceed the process water reclamation
Water Security Leaders
offices have purchased renewable energy, REC and carbon rate standard of the Science Park Administration. Some
Flood Production affected, causing Increase resilience against natural disasters Strengthen climate resilience, ●Raised the building base of Fab 18 Phase 2 two
financial losses and a decrease lower risk of operations disruption, meters higher credits to offset all carbon emissions caused by power fabs are able to reclaim more than 90% of process water,
Drought in revenue and reduce potential losses ●Fab 18 Phase 3 is committed to using and
consumption. All TSMC overseas sites achieved zero carbon outperforming most semiconductor fabs around the world.
developing reclaimed water
Increasing of premium of Increase in operation cost ●Established a comprehensive water monitoring emission of electricity consumption in 2020 again. TSMC also TSMC also makes every effort to reduce non-manufacturing-
natural disaster system
used carbon credits to offset Carbon emissions of natural gas related water consumption, including water used in air
Rising temperatures Increase in electricity consumption, Drive low-carbon green manufacturing Save energy and cut cost ●Conserved 500 GWh of electricity through
cost, and carbon emissions energy-saving projects consumption in kitchens, achieving the milestone of net zero conditioning systems, sanitary facilities, wall cleaning and
emission for TSMC global offices. Although development landscaping activities and kitchens. TSMC uses an intranet
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management of renewable energy in Taiwan is in an early stage, TSMC website to collect and measure water recycling volumes
TSMC actively participates in the World Semiconductor Council (WSC) in its efforts to establish a global voluntary PFC (perfluorinated established a renewable energy task force and continued to company-wide.
compounds) emissions reduction goal for the decade of 2011 to 2020, and has incorporated past experience to develop best communicate closely with government through the Association
practices. The implementation of best practices has been adopted by the WSC as a major element of the 2020 goal. In 2013, of Science Park Industries and Taiwan Semiconductor Since water resources are inherently local, TSMC shares its
in accordance with the “EPA Early Actions for Carbon Credit of Greenhouse Gases Reduction” regulation, TSMC applied for the Industry Association. The Company made recommendations water saving experiences with other semiconductor companies
recognition of greenhouse gas reduction from 2005 to 2011, and received 5.28 million tons of carbon dioxide credits in 2015. to the government in the hope that the collaboration could through the Association of Science-Based Industrial Park to
Those carbon credits can be used to offset greenhouse gas emissions of new manufacturing facilities regulated by Environmental speed up renewable energy development in Taiwan. The promote water conservation in order to achieve the Science
Impact Assessment (EIA) Act, which can support the Company’s sustainable operations and mitigate climate-change risk. recommendations included expanding the development of Park’s goals and ensure a long-term balance of supply and
offshore wind power and increasing supply of renewable demand. In addition, TSMC has committed to using partially
Since 2005, TSMC has completed the GHG (Greenhouse Gas) inventory program and taken a complete inventory of its GHG energy trading platform. TSMC also continued to find reclaimed water in newly constructed fabs in the future in
emissions to gain ISO 14064 certification. The inventory shows that the major direct GHG emissions are PFCs, which are widely renewable energy. By the end of 2020, the total installation order to further reuse water resources and support government
used in the semiconductor manufacturing process. The primary indirect GHG emission is electricity consumption. The analysis of the capacity of renewable energy contracted reached 1.3GW policy and promotion for reclaimed water.
inventory data is not only to meet domestic regulatory reporting requirements but also to serve as a baseline reference for TSMC’s (Gigawatts). The renewable energy will be provided to TSMC
strategy to reduce GHG emissions. Since 2005, TSMC participated the international organization “Carbon Disclosure Program, CDP” gradually after related business process being completed. This To continue enhancing water resources management, TSMC
to publicly disclose climate change related information every year. In 2020, TSMC was recognized by CDP as A- and A leadership is a clear manifestation of the Company’s active support of the has adopted and followed the AWS Standard, the world’s
level for climate change and water security respectively. United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). only sustainable water management standard. Early in 2019,
Fab 6 and Fab 14 Phase 5/6/7 began serving as demonstration
In response to the commitment of global climate summit “Paris Agreement” and the Republic of China’s “Greenhouse Gas TSMC became the first semiconductor company to join RE100 factories and received AWS certification by the end of the year,
Reduction and Management Act” promulgated in 2015, TSMC initiated a cross-functional platform for corporate carbon (Global Renewable Energy Initiative) in July 2020 and pledged making TSMC the first semiconductor enterprise to receive
management in 2016. The three areas of focus of this platform are legal compliance, carbon emission reduction, and carbon that power consumption of all the Company’s manufacturing AWS platinum level certification in the world. In 2020, Fab 15A
credit acquisition. In addition to participating in official regulatory consultation and communications meetings, TSMC also sets plants and offices will be 100% supplied from renewable and Fab 15B, located in Central Taiwan Science Park, passed
short, medium and long-term reduction targets through the energy and carbon reduction committee led by senior vice presidents energy by 2050. TSMC was further awarded the first RE100 third party verification audit and obtained AWS platinum level
which are carried out by energy and carbon reduction teams of individual fabs. Because more than 75% of TSMC’s GHG emissions Leadership Award - the Most Impactful Pioneer in September certification simultaneously.
132 133

[TABLE START]

Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact		Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact		2020 Actions

[TABLE END]


--- Page 69 ---

Waste Management and Recycling 2020 Environmental Efficiency of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
The Company has a designated unit responsible for waste recycling and disposal. To meet the goal of sustainable resource Unit: NT$ thousands
utilization, TSMC’s priorities are: process waste reduction, onsite regeneration and reuse, and offsite recycling. The last option Category Description Efficiency
consists of treatment or disposal. To achieve raw material reduction, resource recycling and the goal of zero waste, for example, the 1. Cost Savings of Environmental Protection Energy savings 1,250,000
Projects
Company built an in-house waste sulfuric acid pre-treatment system, as electronic grade sulfuric acid can be used as a waste water
Water savings 24,087
treatment agent after the wafer fabrication process. In order to track waste flow and ensure that all waste is treated or recycled
Waste reduction 632,100
legally and properly, TSMC carefully selects waste disposal and recycling contractors. All recycling contractors must report their
2. Economic Efficiency for Industrial Waste Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals, 524,100
recycled product sales monthly. The Company performs regular onsite audits to check factory status and review the reported data Recycling plastics, and other waste
with actual reuse and recycling data to assure that the recycled product is flowing downstream properly. TSMC checks their licenses Total 2,430,287
and on-site operational statuses, and also takes proactive steps to strengthen vendor auditing effectiveness. For example, all waste
transportation contractors have been asked and agreed to join the GPS Satellite Fleet so that the cleanup transportation routes and
Green Building and Green Factory
abnormal stays for all trucks can be traced. In addition, all waste recycling and treatment vendors have installed closed-circuit TV
Since 2006, TSMC has adopted standards from both the Taiwan Green Building and the U.S. Green Building Council – Leadership
systems at operating sites to monitor and audit waste handling. Meanwhile, TSMC also conducts an ongoing survey of recycled
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) for new fab and office building designs to achieve better energy and resource efficiency
product tracking, actions taken to ensure lawful and proper waste recycling and treatment.
than conventional designs. TSMC has also continued to upgrade existing office buildings to comply with the LEED standard
each year. From 2008 to 2020, 34 of TSMC’s fabs and office buildings achieved LEED certifications – 3 platinum and 31 gold.
In 2020, TSMC’s fabs in Taiwan achieved a 95% waste recycling rate for the sixth consecutive year, with a landfill rate below 1%
Meanwhile, TSMC also received 5 Taiwan Intelligent Building diamond-class certifications and 23 Taiwan EEWH (ecology, energy
for the eleventh consecutive year. In 2017, TSMC amended its articles of incorporation to add four business items for chemical
saving, waste reduction and health) certifications – 20 diamond, 2 gold and 1 silver.
materials to ensure waste flow and reduce risks of improper waste disposal by commissioned agencies. TSMC also set up onsite
resource activation facilities to convert waste resources produced from processing activities into products to be used onsite or to
TSMC believes that more manufacturing companies should convert their facilities into green factories to improve the environment
sell to other factories. In 2020, the Company not only achieved zero outsourcing treatment of copper-containing liquid waste
and lower construction costs. Therefore, the Company freely shares its practical experience with industry, government and
and cobalt-containing liquid waste, and zero purchasing of 50% concentration industrial-grade sulfuric acid but also extended its
academia. As of the end of 2020, 15,250 visitors from more than 370 different industrial, government, academic and general
ammonium sulfate drying system, which converts biologically toxic ammonia wastewater into industrial grade ammonium sulfate as
community groups had contacted TSMC to learn about the Company’s green building technology and practical experience. Since
valuable recycled products for sale. As a result, TSMC has become a leader in waste resources regeneration.
2009, TSMC has been a leading supporter of the Taiwan government’s Green Factory Label standard, which includes the Clean
Production and Factory Green Building evaluation systems. TSMC received Taiwan’s first Green Factory Label and 13 labels in total as
Environmental Accounting
of the end of 2020, and is the most awarded company in Taiwan.
The purpose of TSMC’s environmental accounting system is to identify and calculate environmental costs for internal management.
At the same time, the Company can also evaluate the savings or economic benefits of environmental protection programs so as
Environmental Audit Results in Violation of Environmental Regulations
to promote economically-effective programs. While environmental expenses are expected to continue growing, environmental
During 2020 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC has no incurred any environmental pollution related losses. However,
accounting can help manage these costs more effectively. TSMC’s environmental accounting measures various environmental
the Company was given two fines totaling NT$127,000 for violating environmental regulations: NT$100,000 issued on 01/06/2021
costs, establishes independent environmental account codes, and provides the data to all units for use in annual budgeting. The
for failing to take effective air pollutant control measures at our construction site (Section 2 of Article 23 of the Air Pollution
Company’s economic benefit evaluation calculates cost savings for reduction of energy, water or waste and benefits from waste
Control Act) – the Company took immediate corrective action after the audit by the competent authority; NT$27,000 issued on
recycling in accordance with its environmental protection programs.
01/28/2021for construction site work failing to conform with the Run-off Wastewater Reduction Plan approved by competent
authority (Article 18 of the Water Pollution Control Act; Article 10 of Water Pollution Control Measures and Test Reporting
The environmental benefits disclosed in this report include real income from projects such as waste recycling and savings from major
Management Regulations) – the Company updated the Run-off Wastewater Reduction Plan after the audit by the competent
environmental projects. In 2020, the total benefits of environmental protection programs of TSMC fabs including waste recycling
authority and enhanced related management measures.
exceeded NT$2,430 million.
7.2.2 Sustainable Products
2020 Environmental Cost of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
Unit: NT$ thousands TSMC collaborates with its upstream material and equipment suppliers, design ecosystem partners and downstream assembly
Classification Description Expense Investment and testing service providers to minimize environmental impact. Reducing the resources and energy consumed for each unit of
production allows the Company to provide customers with more advanced, power efficient and ecologically sound products, such
1. Direct Costs for Reducing Environmental Impact
as ultra-low power chips for narrowband IoT, low Vdd (low operating voltage) chips for wearables and IoT devices, low-power chips
(1) Pollution Control Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others 6,450,052 10,345,060
for mobile devices, high-efficiency LED driver chips for flat panel display backlighting, indoor/outdoor solid state LED lighting, Energy
(2) Resource Conservation Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation - 1,933,610
Star certified low standby AC-DC adaptors chips, high-efficiency DC brushless motor chips, electric vehicle chips and low-power
(3) Industrial Waste Disposal and Recycling Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill) 2,859,093 -
server chips. By leveraging TSMC’s superior energy-efficient technologies, these chips support sustainable city infrastructure, greener
2. Indirect Cost for Reducing Environmental (1) Cost of training 349,441 318,302
Impact (Environmental Managerial Costs) (2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures vehicles, smart grids, more energy efficient servers and data centers and other applications. In addition to helping customers design
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
low power, high performance products to reduce resource consumption over the product’s life cycle, TSMC’s green manufacturing
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees practices provide further green value to customers and other stakeholders.
3. Other Environmental Costs (1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation 127 -
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and TSMC-manufactured ICs are used in a broad variety of applications in various segments of the computer, communications,
lawsuits
consumer, industrial, electric vehicle, server and data center, and other electronics markets. Through TSMC’s manufacturing
Total 9,658,713 12,596,972
134 135

[TABLE START]

Category	Description	Efficiency
	Energy savings	
	Water savings	
	Waste reduction	
	Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals,
plastics, and other waste	
Classification	Description	Expense	Investment
Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others	6,450,052
Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation	-
Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill)	2,859,093
(1) Cost of training
(2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees	349,441
(1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
lawsuits	127
	9,658,713

[TABLE END]


--- Page 70 ---

technologies, customers’ designs are realized and their Chip Total Power Consumption and various smart appliances. TSMC’s industry-leading consumption, allowing mobile devices to be used for a longer
products are incorporated into people’s lives. These chips, Cross-Technology Comparison offerings include FinFET-based 12-nanometer technology - period of time; and (3) TSMC helps spread the growth of
therefore, make significant contributions to the progress More power is saved as line width shrinks N12eTM featuring energy efficiency with high performance more convenient wireless connectivity such as 3G/4G/5G
of modern society. TSMC works hard to achieve profitable that results in more computing power and AI inferencing, and WLAN/Bluetooth, meaning people can communicate
growth while providing products that add environmental 22nm ULP/Ultra-low leakage (ULL), 28nm ULP, 40nm more efficiently and “work anytime and anywhere,”
and social value. Listed below are several examples of how ULP, and 55nm ULP, which have been widely adopted by significantly increasing the mobility of modern society. In
TSMC-manufactured products make significant contributions various edge AI system-on-a-chip (SoC), battery-powered 2020, smartphone products represented about 48% of TSMC
to the environment and society. applications. TSMC has also extended its low Vdd offerings revenue.
with wide-range operating voltage SPICE (simulation program TSMC Revenue Contribution from Smartphone Products
Environmental Contribution by TSMC Foundry Services with integrated circuit emphasis) models for extreme
2017 2018 2019 2020
1. C ontinue to Drive Technology to Reduce Power low-power applications.
52% 45% 49% 48%
Consumption and Save Resources 4. D evelop Greener Manufacturing to Lower Energy
● To improve sustainability, TSMC continues to drive Consumption 2. U nleash Customers’ Innovations in CIS and MEMS
the development of advanced semiconductor process ● TSMC continues to develop more advanced and efficient that Enhance Human Health and Safety; Create Green
technologies to support customer designs that result in the technologies to reduce energy/resource consumption and Products
most advanced, energy-saving and environmentally friendly pollution per unit during the manufacturing process, as well ● T o make machines smarter, safer and more user and
0.034 0.022
products. In each new technology generation, circuitry 1 0.6 0.3 0.07 0.056 as power consumption and pollution during product use. environmentally friendly, sensors are a must. Optical, acoustic,
line widths shrink, making transistors smaller and reducing N55LP N40LP N28HPM 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm In each new technology generation, circuitry line widths motion, and environment sensors are mostly made with either
product power consumption for completing the same tasks (1.2V) (1.1V) (0.9V) 12FFC (0.8V) (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V) shrink, making chips smaller for the same circuit designs CIS or MEMS (micro-electromechanical systems) technologies.
or achieving the same level of performance. Note: T he logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power and lowering the energy and raw materials consumed TSMC continues to put substantial effort into developing
consumption, was re-aligned.
● As TSMC quickly ramped up its 16nm and newer generation for per chip in manufacturing. In addition, the Company more advanced CIS and MEMS technologies to enable
technologies, combined wafer revenue contribution grew 2. P rovide Customers Leading Power Management IC continuously provides process simplification and new design customers to create new products for new applications.
significantly from 4% in 2015 to 58% in 2020. TSMC’s Process with the Highest Efficiency methodology based on its manufacturing excellence to For CIS, TSMC and customers have extended applications
objective is to continue R&D investment and to increase wafer ● TSMC’s leading manufacturing technology helps customers help customers reduce design and process waste so as to from traditional RGB (red, green, blue) sensing to 3D depth
revenue contribution in 16nm and beyond technologies, design and produce green products. Power management ICs, produce more advanced, energy-saving and environmentally- sensing, optical fingerprint, and NIR machine vision, etc. For
helping the Company achieve both profitable growth and the key components that supply and regulate power to all friendly products. For total energy savings and benefits MEMS, TSMC and customers have extended applications
sustainability. other IC components within electronic devices, are the most realized in 2020 through TSMC’s green manufacturing, see from traditional motion sensing to microphone, bio-sensing,
TSMC Wafer Revenue Contribution from 16nm and Beyond Technologies notable green IC products. TSMC helps customers produce Environmental Accounting on page 134-135 in this annual microspeaker, medical ultrasound actuators and more. TSMC
industry-leading power management chips with more stable report. customers’ sensing devices are used in consumer electronics,
2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
and efficient power supplies and lower energy consumption. mobile communication, automotive electronics, industrial,
4% 21% 31% 41% 50% 58% ● In 2020, the Company shipped more than 3.8 million 8-inch Social Contribution by TSMC Foundry Services and medical devices, and so on. They are increasingly smaller,
equivalent wafers using TSMC’s HV/Power technologies to 1. U nleash Customers’ Mobile and Wireless Chip Innovations faster, more accurate and more energy efficient, greatly
Chip Die Size Cross-Technology Comparison customers. Power management ICs manufactured by TSMC that Enhance Mobility and Convenience enhancing human convenience, health and safety, and
Die size reduces as line width shrinks for customers are widely used in computer, communication, ● The rapid growth of smartphones and tablets in recent contributing to sustainability. For instance, TSMC customers’
consumer, electric vehicle, server and data center, and other years reflects strong demand for mobile devices, which CIS and MEMS products are used in a number of advanced
systems around the globe. accelerates innovations for IC products such as baseband, medical treatments as well as in preventative health care
HV/Power Technologies Shipments RF transceivers, application processors (AP), wireless local applications. Examples include early warning systems to
Unit: 8-inch equivalent wafer
area networks (WLAN), CMOS image sensors (CIS), near field minimize the injury from falls for the elderly, systems to
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
communication (NFC), Bluetooth, and global positioning detect physiological changes, car safety systems and other
>2,100K >2,500K >2,600K >2,900K >3,800K
systems (GPS) among others. These mobile devices offer applications that significantly improve human health and
3. D rive Industry-leading, Comprehensive Ultra-low Power remarkable convenience in daily living, and TSMC contributes safety. One remarkable example is that TSMC helps our
(ULP) Technology Platform significant value to these devices in the following ways: (1) customer deliver an innovative handheld, single-probe,
● T o meet low-power consumption requirements for IoT new TSMC process technologies help chips achieve faster whole-body ultrasound system in 2020. This product is a
markets, such as wearable and smart home products, TSMC computing speeds in smaller sizes, leading to smaller form particularly useful tool during the global COVID-19 pandemic
continues to invest in expanding and enhancing its ultra-low factors for these electronic devices. In addition, TSMC due to its fast and sharp lung imaging capabilities, portability
power processes. The Company provides industry’s leading SoC technology integrates more functions into one chip, and ease of cleaning, as infection control has become
and most comprehensive ultra-low power (ULP) technology reducing the total number of chips in electronic devices, increasingly important. Moreover, advanced sensors can make
0.063 0.047 0.035
1 0.48 0.25 0.11 platform to support innovations for a wide range of IoT again resulting in a smaller system form factor; (2) new equipment smarter by monitoring the working environment
55nm 40nm 28nm 16FFC/12FFC 10nm 7nm 5nm applications that demand increased computing in smart edge TSMC process technologies also help chips reduce power and conditions so that it can operate in a more energy
Note: T he logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power devices, including smart speakers, smart cameras, wearables, efficient way.
consumption, was re-aligned.
136 137

[TABLE START]

0.6	0.3	0.07	0.056	0.034
2017	2018	2019	2020
	45%	49%	
2015	2016	2017	2018	2019	2020
	21%	31%	41%	50%	
0.48	0.25	0.11	0.063	0.047
2016	2017	2018	2019	2020
	>2,500K	>2,600K	>2,900K	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 71 ---

7.2.3 Safety and Health awareness and sense of accountability to ESH, and building an ● Working Environment Hazardous Factors Management All TSMC fabs conduct major annual emergency response
ESH culture. TSMC safety and health management operations TSMC conducts workplace hazard assessments to provide a exercises and evacuation drills. TSMC’s onsite service
Safety and Health Management
apply to the following: comfortable, safe workplace to employees. The Company also contractors are also required to participate in emergency
TSMC’s safety and health management is compliant with local
educates and requires employees to use personal protective response planning and exercises to ensure cooperation in
and international standards and adheres to the management
● Equipment Safety and Health Management equipment (PPE) to prevent hazardous exposures. handling accidents and to effectively minimize any damage
approach of “Plan, Do, Check, Act” to prevent accidents,
In addition to meeting regulatory requirements and internal caused by disasters. At least every two years, each fab director
promote employee safety and health, and protect Company
standards, as well as mitigating ESH-related risks when building The Company performs semi-annual workplace environment invites fab management and support functions to participate
assets. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan have received TOSHMS
or expanding facilities, TSMC also maintains procedures assessments of physical and chemical hazards, including CO in business continuity drills for potentially high-risk events such
2
(Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management
governing new equipment and raw materials, requires safety concentration, illumination, noise, and hazardous chemical as earthquake, fire and flood (Tainan site). Since 2018, TSMC
System) certification since 2009. In 2018, the International
approvals for bringing new tools online, updates safety rules, substances regulated by local laws. In addition, TSMC has has conducted complex accident emergency response drills,
Organization for Standardization released ISO 45001: 2018,
and implements seismic protection and other safety measures. performed exposure assessments and has used hierarchy which include simultaneous scenarios for earthquake, fire and
replacing OHSAS 18001, with major changes in the expansion
management control for chemicals with potential health chemical spills. In 2019, the Company completed 108 scenarios
of the scope, support and participation of the leadership,
TSMC requires that all new tools meet SEMI-S8 requirements hazards. If abnormal measurements occur, events happen, or to ensure rapid response to emergencies so that losses can be
collection and planning of internal and external issues,
and that appropriate supplementary control measures be taken an exposure assessment indicates there is an adverse health minimized in the event of a real disaster. In 2020, TSMC took
expectation and demand of stakeholders, evaluation of risk
to reduce ergonomic risk. Moreover, the Company endeavors effect for employees, ESH professionals immediately conduct lead in the industry to introduce the “All-Hazard” approach
inspection, communication and consultation of non-managers,
to automate 300mm front-opening unified pod (FOUP) onsite observation and intervention to reduce the exposure to recommended by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
application of performance indicator, and evaluation of
transportation to prevent accumulative physical damage acceptable levels. (FEMA) to conduct disaster prevention exercises.
corrective and preventive action. Meanwhile, ISO 45001
caused by repetitive manual handling of 300mm FOUPs. TSMC
ensures the spirit of the system can be effectively implemented
300mm fabs have completed automatic transportation control. ● Health Promotion Program In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, TSMC added tabletop
at the management level through management review,
In order to establish the healthiest possible workplace and exercises to disaster prevention training in an effort to
internal audit, automatic check, and security patrol to find
● Environmental, Safety and Health Evaluation of New Tools reduce the incidence of occupational disease, TSMC formed minimize the risks of group infections that may arise as a
safety concerns and opportunities for improvement. All fabs in
and New Chemical Substances a corporate-level committee to execute health promotion result of full-scale exercises. The inclusion of tabletop exercises
Taiwan received ISO 45001 certification for occupational health
As a technology leader in the global semiconductor industry, programs covering three key areas: also aids in the verification of full-scale exercise procedures to
and safety in 2019 and all TSMC subsidiaries obtained the
TSMC operates increasingly diversified process tools and (1) E xposure and health risk assessment: develop an exposure make disaster response more comprehensive, thus effectively
certification in 2020.
introduces new chemicals in the R&D stage. Before using new assessment system to identify high health risk employees. mitigating the impact of various types of disasters on business
tools or new chemicals, they are reviewed carefully by the new (2) H azardous training and notification: use standardized continuity in the future. As of October 2020, 75 sessions of
Besides accident prevention, TSMC has established emergency
tools and new chemical review committee. The purpose is to training materials for employees and contractors in all tabletop exercises had been completed in addition to 195
response procedures to protect employees and contractors if
ensure that new tools are compliant with the semiconductor TSMC fabs. Inform them of the health risks and prevention full-scale exercises.
a disaster should occur, as well as to prevent and/or reduce
industry’s safety standards (such as SEMI-S2) and that new measures at the workplace before working or providing any
the negative impact on the community and the environment.
chemicals’ environmental, safety and health concerns can be services there. In addition to the regular emergency response drills held
TSMC communicates regularly with suppliers to ensure that
well controlled, including engineering controls, application of (3) S trengthen management of chemicals with significant by engineering and facilities departments each quarter, the
potential risk in the operation of production equipment is
personal protection equipment, and operational safety training health risks: inform suppliers that all materials they provide Company’s laboratory, canteen, dormitory, and shuttle bus
minimized and that safety control procedures are followed
during storage, transportation, usage and disposal. to TSMC must comply with applicable laws including clear personnel also hold emergency response drills to prepare for
rigorously during installation. The Company places stringent
disclosure of any hazardous substances. Perform sampling events such as earthquakes, chemical spills, ammonia release,
controls on high-risk operations and also evaluates the seismic
● General Safety Management, Training and Audit of raw materials used in the manufacturing process fires and traffic accidents.
tolerance of its facilities and equipment to reduce the risk of
All TSMC manufacturing facilities hold environmental, safety to confirm that they do not contain any carcinogenic,
earthquake damage.
and health committee meetings on a monthly basis. TSMC mutagenic or toxic-reproductive materials as claimed in ● Emerging Infectious Disease Response
has adopted multiple preventive measures such as controls supplier’s safety data sheet (SDS). TSMC has a dedicated corporate ESH organization to monitor
For epidemics, TSMC has established corporate-level prevention
on high-risk work, contractor management, chemical safety emerging infectious diseases around the world, to assess
committees and procedures for emergency response to
management, personal protective equipment requirements, ● Emergency Response any potential impact on the workplace, and to provide an
outbreaks of infectious diseases.
and safety audit management. In addition, the Company The planning and execution of an effective emergency response appropriate strategic response plan. In previous outbreaks
maintains detailed disaster response procedures and performs should identify potential high-risk events via risk assessment such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 influenza in 2009, and MERS
Working Environment and Employee Safety and Health
regular drills designed to minimize damage to employees and and be prepared for various scenarios. It should focus on in 2015, as well as with the current COVID-19 threat, TSMC
Protection
property, as well as the impact on society and the environment continuous improvement and drills covering all potentially followed the Taiwan CDC’s (Centers for Disease Control) rules
The Company’s ESH policy is focused on establishing a safe
in the event of a disaster. serious events. TSMC’s emergency response plans include and convened the corporate influenza response committee
working environment, preventing occupational injury and
procedures for rapid-response crisis management and disaster to develop the Company’s strategies. These strategies
illness, keeping employees healthy, enhancing every employee’s
recovery for all potential incidents. included educating employees in prevention and response,
publishing guidelines for managers, establishing guidelines for
138 139

--- Page 72 ---

employee sick leave due to flu, and installing alcohol-based series of on-line interactive activities, such as (1) 2 sessions of environmental, safety, health and fire protection regulations. 7.3 TSMC Education and Culture Foundation
hand sanitizers at appropriate locations. The Committee also “Health Lecture On-line”, 809 attendees in total. (2) 3 health TSMC developed a supplier’s code of conduct, which
In 2020, the world was hit hard by the COVID-19 pandemic.
monitors the status of employee leave due to illness and, at the education videos about hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and affirmed basic labor rights and standards for health, safety,
Starting in March, many venues in Taiwan were shut down
same time, develops a continuity plan to address manpower diabetes, with a total of 7,266 visits. (3) 3 sessions of on-line environment, ethics and management systems. TSMC works
and the impact of the pandemic could be felt in every
shortages and minimize business impact. quiz, with respect to 3 topics of hypertension, hyperlipidemia, with suppliers to evaluate the risk and impact on the economy,
sector. In times like these, it behoves the TSMC Education
and diabetes, with a total of 4,618 attendees. (4) 1 session of the environment, and society and to make continuous
and Culture Foundation to be the first to donate a hundred
● Employee Physical and Mental Health Enhancement “Selection of Health Diet” of DASH diet, 1,019 participants. improvement. The Company has helped boost suppliers’
thermographic cameras to the Ministry of Education to
TSMC believes that employees’ physical and mental health The feedbacks were positive to make health promotion can be performance of sustainability through experience sharing and
be deployed at national examination locations to support
is not only fundamental to maintaining normal business continued under epidemic prevention. training and hopes to establish a world-class semiconductor
education and safeguard the health of students with the
operations but is also part of a corporation’s responsibility. To supply chain that exceeds international standards and serves as
power of technology. Although various programs planned by
protect and promote employee physical and mental health, 7.2.4 Supplier Management a global benchmark.
the Foundation were curtailed by COVID-prevention measures,
TSMC fosters collaboration among the onsite industrial safety
Management Aspect in 2020 the Foundation invested over NT$99 million to support
and environmental protection department, onsite medical TSMC is subject to the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission
For better supply chain management, TSMC is committed to various educational events, art exhibitions and performances.
personnel of the health center, and physicians of occupational (SEC) disclosure rule on conflict minerals released under Rule
communicating with and encouraging its suppliers, including Through continuous donations, the Foundation hopes to help
medicine. TSMC strives to reduce cerebral and cardiovascular 13p-1 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a
contractors, to increase their quality, cost effectiveness and reduce educational inequality and bring new ideas to the table
disease that might be induced or aggravated by overwork, recognized global leader in the high-tech supply chain, the
delivery performance, and make continuous improvement for cultural enrichment.
night work or shift work. The Company conducts maternal Company acknowledges its corporate social responsibility
in environmental protection, safety and health. Through
health protection programs and prevention of cumulative to strive to procure conflict-free minerals in an effort to
regular communication with senior managers, site audits Working in Tandem with Educational Partners, Closing
trauma disorders as well. TSMC devotes significant resources recognize humanitarian and ethical social principles that
and experience sharing, the Company collaborates with the Resource Gap between City and Country
to mental health awareness and related activities, which protect the dignity of all people. To this end, TSMC has
major suppliers and contractors to enhance partnerships and Apart from donating one hundred thermographic cameras
not only protect employees from hazards at work but also implemented a series of compliance safeguards in accordance
ensure continued improvement of performance and increased to the Ministry of Education as part of the COVID-prevention
proactively promote employee health in general. In 2020, with leading industry practices such as adopting the due
joint contributions to society. As noted above, contractors measures on campus in Taiwan, the TSMC Education and
through planned personal health management, (1) 599 female diligence framework in the OECD’s Model Supply Chain
performing high-risk activities must lay out clearly-defined Culture Foundation works with its educational partners
employees participated in the maternal health program, the Policy for a Responsible Global Supply Chain of Minerals from
safety precautions and preventative measures. In addition, to reduce inequality in educational resources. Together
completion rate was 100%. 598 of them were at the first Conflict-Affected and High Risk Areas issued in 2011.
contractors working on high-risk engineering projects must the Foundation and its partner Junyi Academy worked to
degree risk (there was no harm to the mother, infant, and
establish ISO 45001 or OHSAS 18001 systems and the workers develop a series of online courses of adaptive learning titled
baby). One employee was classified as second degree risk TSMC is a strong supporter of the Responsible Business Alliance
must successfully complete work-related skill training. All “Critical Thinking Training,” which was a response to the
(possible harm to the mother, infant, and baby) at the first and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), which will
contractors performing high-risk activities must obtain ISO implementation of General Guidelines of Curriculum Guidelines
assessment; after proper adjustments to her works, she was help the Company’s suppliers source conflict-free minerals
45001 certification before the end of 2021. of 12-Year Basic Education. In addition, the program hosted
reclassified as the first degree after doctor’s re-assessment. (2) through their jointly developed Responsible Minerals Initiative
26 teaching workshops where teachers learned how to guide
By analyzing historical cerebral and cardiovascular cases of our (RMI). Since 2011, TSMC has asked its suppliers to disclose
Supply Chain Sustainability students to think logically and improve their communication
employees, TSMC modified disease assessment criteria with information and make timely updates on smelters and mines.
TSMC works with suppliers in several fields of sustainable skills. 518 teachers have attended the workshops and more
contracted doctors, and, combining internal annual health The Company encourages suppliers to source minerals from
development, such as greening the supply chain, carbon than 120,000 people have watched them online.
examination reports, as well as working hour’s information, facilities or smelters that have received a “conflict free”
management for climate change, mitigation of fire risk, ESH
was able to identify 2,678 employees that have middle to high designation by a recognized industry group (such as the
management and business continuity plans in the event of a As well as providing online educational resources to teachers
risk for cerebral and cardiovascular diseases. These employees RBA) and also requires those who have not received such
natural disaster. and students, the Foundation has long been committed to
were provided with health education and medical assistance. designation to become compliant with Responsible Minerals
narrowing the gap of educational resources between schools
Also, along with their managers, they received suggested Initiative or an equivalent third party audit program. TSMC
Since becoming a full member of the Responsible Business in urban and rural areas. In 2020, it partnered with Cheng Zhi
working hour recommendations to reduce disease risk. (3) 174 requires the use of tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold in its
Alliance (RBA) in 2015, TSMC has completed implementation Education Foundation to assist Emei Junior High School of
employees were identified in a high risk group for cumulative products that are conflict-free.
of the RBA code of conduct throughout the Company by Hsinchu county to transition to be a KIST-inspired school. With
trauma disorders. Among them, one could have job-related
performing self-assessments at its facilities worldwide and the injection of new educational blood, the two foundations
risks. The Company has adjusted whose job conditions to avoid TSMC will continue to conduct the supplier survey annually
reviewing policies and procedures in the areas of labor, health have helped change the lives of many students from schools
possible risks. (4) As obesity has been considered as a precursor and require suppliers to improve and expand their disclosure
and safety, environment, ethics and management systems. in rural areas. The Foundation also continuously teams up
of diabetes, TSMC has held health promotion programs for to fulfill regulatory and customer requirements. For further
with CommonWealth Education Foundation, Teach for
several consecutive years. In 2020, considering the prevention information, see the Company’s Form SD filed with the U.S.
To enhance supply chain sustainability and streamline risk Taiwan, and the Boyo Social Welfare Foundation. Together the
of COVID-19 and the tendency of young generation’s SEC. (https://www.tsmc.com/english/investorRelations/sec_
management, the Company is committed to collaborating
preference on social and video media, TSMC conducted a filings.htm)
with its suppliers to maintain full compliance with Taiwan’s
140 141

--- Page 73 ---

Foundation donates quality books and brings good teachers to to the public and to the younger generation. This project was The Foundation has long dedicated itself to promoting Chinese ● D isadvantaged Care: The Foundation focused on the two
schools in rural areas to narrow the educational gap between open not only to the college students in Taoyuan, Hsinchu, classic literature. In 2020, it collaborated with National Tsing main initiatives for disadvantaged care –“rural education” and
urban and rural areas. Furthermore, in 2020 the Foundation Maoli and Tainan areas but also to those from Taichung area. Hua University on a general education course, “Pai Hsien-yung “support for the disadvantaged”. The Foundation provided
offered grants to 70 students from low-income families at five In total, 102 teams of college students participated in the Literature Lectures: Dream of the Red Chamber”. The course volunteer services, building repairs, online educational
universities: National Tsing Hua University, National Central project. The topics of the proposals covered virtually every issue hosted by Mr. Pai Hsien-yung and renowned Honglou meng materials, off-grade foods, and other assistance to
University, National Cheng Kung University, National Sun in society, ranging from creating a popular science column specialists from abroad and in Taiwan to give lectures on educational institutions and children in rural areas, ensuring
Yat-sen University, and National Chung Cheng University. In on semiconductors, to a wood reclaiming project, and from various aspects of the classic. The course also invited students that disadvantaged groups received equal opportunities
doing so, the Foundation hopes to assist the students with an anti-drug campaign to food and agriculture education. to explore the profoundness of Chinese literature, bringing to obtain education. In 2020, the Foundation prioritized
financial aid and encourage them to concentrate on their These innovative ideas greatly impressed the panel of judges. a humanistic perspective to their education. Likewise, the vocational education, collaborating with various enterprises
studies. Moreover, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Foundation-funded broadcasting program, “Lectures on the to promote training and reach the goal of “providing
continued its support for literary, calligraphic and seal-carving Classics on Air,” entered its 13th year. The program host, livelihood/practical skills,” helping students from rural areas
Nurturing Young Talent, Offering a Stage for Diverse by young students through funding two annual competitions, Professor Xin Yi Yun, has released an audio book, Putting A with vocational training. To help support the basic living
Development i.e. the “TSMC Youth Literature Award” and the “TSMC Youth Xin’s Spin on Lao Tzu, as an approachable way for the public needs of the underprivileged, the Foundation continued to
To promote popular science education and nurture talents Calligraphy and Seal-Carving Competition,” which are well into to experience the wisdom of Chinese philosophers from the visit and provide financial aid and daily supplies to high-risk
for the semiconductor industry, in 1997 TSMC subsidized the their 17th and 13th years respectively. Both competitions have classics. In the same vein, the 2020 “TSMC Lecture” again disadvantaged families, providing valuable support to the
“World of Semiconductors” exhibition hall at the National become the important events in their respective fields. The invited the distinguished research fellow Wang Ming-ke of already existing social welfare system.
Museum of Natural Science, being at the vanguard of Foundation has also attracted public attention and interest in the Institute of History and Philology of Academia Sinica
business-supported education of popular science. For the literature and calligraphy via the internet. The “TSMC Youth to examine how humans have coped with fear and what In 2020, the Foundation gave support to 62 after-school
exhibition to keep up with the times, the TSMC Education Literature Award” social platform so far has garnered over measures have been taken historically to deal with pandemics. care locations benefiting a total of 4,685 students. With
and Culture Foundation updated the content of the exhibition 14,000 members and one award-winning piece has been The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation has not only the dedication and knowledge of its TSMC volunteers,
in 2002 and again in 2011. In 2018, the Foundation shared over 3,000 times. promoted literary talks within local communities but also the Foundation created science tutorial videos to promote
initiated a third renewal project and a brand new “World of posted the talks on an online channel available to the public. science experiments and education. The Foundation also
Semiconductors” was officially launched in August 2020. The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation wishes to offer In doing so, the Foundation hopes to go beyond geographic collaborated with National Chiao Tung University to help
With the latest upgrade the exhibition hall provides more a non-academic platform to young students, where through borders with technology and let arts and literature comfort the 30 elementary schools in Hsinchu City that were lacking
in-depth knowledge on semiconductors, adds interactive science and humanities competitions and events the students restless minds during these difficult times. information resources to align with 2019 Curriculum
exhibitions, and increases the exhibition space. Through can be inspired to develop diverse interests and explore Guidelines, an issue affecting 18,000 students in the city.
a multi-dimensional experience at the exhibition, visiting wherever their passion takes them. 7.4 TSMC Charity Foundation The Foundation’s “Sending Love” programs continued to be
students and the public can broaden their knowledge of active, and Foundation staff conducted onsite visits to identify
Since its establishment in 2017, the TSMC Charity Foundation
semiconductors and the industry. In the meanwhile, in order Advocating Online Arts and Literary Events, Calming the disadvantaged families in need of financial support. The living
has focused on developing programs and projects relating
to inspire more female students to take interest in science, Restless Mind conditions of these disadvantaged families were improved
to its four main pillar initiatives: disadvantaged care, solitary
in 2020 the Foundation organized for the first time a “Trip During the second half of 2020, the pandemic situation in through charitable donations from both inside and outside
elderly care, filial piety promotion, and environmental
of TSMC Women Scientists,” inviting students from five girls’ Taiwan was relatively under control. Thus, the TSMC Education TSMC. As of 2020, the Foundation has assisted a total of 155
protection. Under the leadership of Chairperson Sophie Chang,
high schools to visit the exhibition and be given guided tours and Culture Foundation was able to sponsor a live concert families.
the Foundation takes a stand for disadvantaged persons,
by women engineers at TSMC. These women engineers have in Tainan performed by the renowned cellist Yo-Yo Ma and
focusing on current and potential social issues, and striving to
shared with the young students the trajectory of their learning streamed it live globally. With pandemic preventive measures in ● S olitary Elderly Care: The Foundation improved the health
close the wealth gap in Taiwan society by enhancing education
and precious work experience, thereby hoping to encourage place, the Foundation invited the public to the concert hall to and welfare of solitary elders by collaborating with its
and providing emergency assistance in rural areas. This support
girls at high schools not to confine themselves to any subjects experience the soul-soothing power of virtuoso performance. Networking of Love partners to connect social welfare groups
gives disadvantaged families and children from rural areas
and commit themselves to fields in sciences through in-person At the same time, live streaming allowed audiences all over and medical institutions providing care to solitary elders.
more opportunities to improve their lives. The Foundation has
exchange. the world to enjoy the musical feast. The Foundation also In 2020, the Foundation helped launch a new intelligent
also established a social welfare platform that magnifies voices
teamed up with the National Symphony Orchestra (of Taiwan) medical system at the Taitung County Sazasa Aborigine
from all corners of society to support social change, powers
To motivate college students to pursue their dreams and to initiate an “Education Program for Youth” project, inviting Health Promotion Site to enhance medical quality and
social change through charitable works, and uplift Taiwan
encourage young people to commit to environmental Taiwanese-Australian violinist Ray Chen to give master classes efficacy. The Foundation continued to collaborate with TSMC
society.
sustainability, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation at the National Concert Hall. The classes were streamed live Facility Division to provide house repair services at seven
organized the fifth “TSMC Youth Dream Building Project” in and broadcasted by Taiwan Public Television Service, thereby locations in Eastern Taiwan, ensuring a safe and healthy living
The Foundation continued to expand its scope of services
2020. It focuses on the theme of “circular economy” as way promoting music education to a wider audience. Over 73,000 space for solitary elders. Current Networking of Love partners
through charitable endeavors in 2020 and initiated many new
to advocate the importance of environmental sustainability people have viewed the master classes. include Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Miaoli General
projects related to social welfare including the following:
Hospital, Old Five Old Foundation, Feng Yuan Hospital,
142 143

--- Page 74 ---

China Medical University Hospital, Lin Tseng Lien Welfare TSMC ecology volunteers continued to provide ecology tours 7.6 S ocial Responsibility Implementation Status as Required by the Taiwan Financial Supervisory
and Charity Foundation, Taiwan Puli Care Association, at Hsinchu Fab 12B plant, Taichung Fab 15 plant, Tainan Commission
Sin-Lau Hospital, Tainan Hospital, Jianan Psychiatric Center, Fab 14 plant, and the Tainan Jacana Ecology Education Park;
Implementation Status Non-
Mennonite Christian Hospital and the Mennonite Social meanwhile, TSMC professional energy-saving volunteers helped
Assessment Item implementation
Welfare Foundation, and Fooyin University, Penghu Hospital educational institutions of all levels with making energy-saving Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s)
and Cishan Hospital. assessments and improvements, at service locations covering 1. Does the Company follow materiality principle to conduct risk assessment for V Please refer to “7. Corporate Social Responsibility” on pages 124-145 of this None
environmental, social and corporate governance topics related to company annual report.
Taipei, Hsinchu, Taichung, Tainan and Kaohsiung. operation, and establish risk management related policy or strategy?
● Filial Piety Promotion: The Foundation promotes the culture 2. Does the Company have a dedicated (or ad-hoc) CSR organization with V Please refer to “7. Corporate Social Responsibility” on pages 124-145 of this None
value of filial piety as part of its efforts to reduce social 7.5 TSMC i-Charity Board of Directors authorization for senior management, which reports to annual report.
the Board of Directors?
risks and problems arising from ageing societies by raising
3. Environmental Topic V Please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection” on pages 131-135 of this None
Launched in 2014, the TSMC i-Charity platform is an internal
generational awareness of filial piety. In 2020, volunteers (1) H as the Company set an environmental management system designed to annual report.
interactive website that TSMC employees can use to propose industry characteristics?
from TSMC Fabs and Divisions helped promote filial piety
care programs, share program results, provide responses and (2) I s the Company committed to improving resource efficiency and to the
awareness by teaching elementary and junior high school use of renewable materials with low environmental impact?
suggestions, and take advantage of timely online funding
students to make lunchboxes and write autobiographies,
(3) D oes the Company evaluate current and future climate change potential
activities to give back to society.
thereby building a bridge for communication between risks and opportunities and take measures related to climate related
topics?
generations. The Foundation continues to work with the
In 2020, charitable contributions surpassed NT$32 million and (4) D oes the Company collect data for greenhouse gas emissions, water
K-12 Education Administration Ministry of Education, hosting usage and waste quantity in the past two years, and set energy
four parent-child filial piety workshops in New Taipei City, a total of 22,000 people participated in the “Equal Education conservation, greenhouse gas emissions reduction, water usage reduction
and other waste management policies?
Platform,” “Teach for Taiwan,” “Repair Services Volunteer
Taichung, Yunlin, and Tainan to encourage cross-generational
4. Social Topic V None
Group Program,” and “Pandemic Prevention Support for
dialogue and plant the spirit of filial piety in the hearts of the (1) D oes the Company set policies and procedures in compliance with (1) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
Firstline Workers” initiatives. regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles?
attendees.
(2) H as the Company established appropriately managed employee welfare (2) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
measures (include salary and compensation, leave and others), and link
● Environmental Protection: We aim to reduce food waste F i- r C o h m a r 2 it 0 y 1 p 4 la u tf n o t r i m l 2 0 h 2 as 0 , i n c h a a g r g it r a e b g l a e t e co , n ex tr c i e b e u d t e io d n N s T o $ n 1 t 4 h 0 e m TS i M llio C n . o co p m er p a e ti n o s n a a t l i o p n e ? rf ormance or achievements with employee salary and
through the Cherish Food Program. Through our volunteer
TSMC will continue its commitment to society and encourage (3) D oes the Company provide employees with a safe and healthy working (3) P lease refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on pages 138-140 of this Annual
programs, we promote environmental awareness, help environment, with regular safety and health training? Report.
employees to care for and give back to society in different
schools improve energy savings inside their facilities, and
(4) H as the Company established effective career development training (4) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
ways.
also educate and provide information to these schools about plans?
environmental protection. (5) D oes the Company’s product and service comply with related regulations (5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
and international rules for customers’ health and safety, privacy, sales,
labelling and set polices to protect consumers’ rights and consumer
appeal procedures?
In 2020, the Foundation continued its “Cherish Food Program”
and worked with many food companies to donate off-grade (6) D oes the Company set supplier management policy and request suppliers (6) P lease refer to “7.2.4 Supplier Management” on page 140-141 of this
to comply with related standards on the topics of environmental, annual report.
foods and 11 freezers to 92 institutes that collaborated with occupational safety and health or labor right, and their implementation
status?
the Foundation to provide care for the disadvantaged, reduce
5. Does the Company refer to international reporting rules or guidelines to V TSMC has published a “Corporate Social Responsibility Report” since 2008, None
food waste, and promote environmental conservation. The publish CSR Report to disclose non-financial information of the Company? and acquired 3rd certification party verification or statement of assurance, and
Has the said Report acquire 3rd certification party verification or statement discloses this on the Company’s website (https://www.tsmc.com/english/csr/
Foundation previously collaborated with food companies
of assurance? index.htm).
including Chi Mei Frozen Food, Hunya Foods, Laurel
6. If the company has established its corporate social responsibility code of practice according to “Listed Companies Corporate Social Responsibility Code of Practice,” please describe the operational status and
Corporation, Lian Hwa Foods Corporation, Hsin Tung Yang differences.
Corporation, and Dachan Great Wall Group. TSMC follows the Corporate Social Responsibility Policy set by the Chairman, Dr. Mark Liu. For corporate social responsibility operational status, please refer to “7. Corporate Social Responsibility” on pages 124-
145 of this annual report and corporate social responsibility related information in our website: https://www.tsmc.com/english/csr/index.htm
7. Other important information to facilitate better understanding of the company’s implementation of corporate social responsibility:
Please refer to TSMC’s website for its corporate social responsibility implementation status: https://www.tsmc.com/english/csr/index.htm
144 145

[TABLE START]

Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V		Please refer to “7. Corporate Social Responsibility” on pages 124-145 of this
annual report.	
	V		Please refer to “7. Corporate Social Responsibility” on pages 124-145 of this
annual report.	
	V		Please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection” on pages 131-135 of this
annual report.	
	V		(1) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
(2) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
(3) P lease refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on pages 138-140 of this Annual
Report.
(4) P lease refer to “5.5 Human Capital” on pages 92-97 of this Annual Report.
(5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
(6) P lease refer to “7.2.4 Supplier Management” on page 140-141 of this
annual report.	
	V		TSMC has published a “Corporate Social Responsibility Report” since 2008,
and acquired 3rd certification party verification or statement of assurance, and
discloses this on the Company’s website (https://www.tsmc.com/english/csr/
index.htm).	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 75 ---

114466 114477

--- Page 76 ---

8.1 Subsidiaries 8.1.2 Business Scope of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries
8.1.1 TSMC Subsidiaries Chart (Note 1) TSMC and its subsidiaries strive to deliver the best foundry services. WaferTech in the United States and TSMC China provide 8-inch
wafer capacity, while TSMC Nanjing provides 12-inch wafer capacity. In addition, TSMC Arizona in the United States is currently
As of 12/31/2020 scheduled to provide 12-inch wafer capacity in 2024. TSMC’s subsidiaries in North America, Europe, Japan, China, and South Korea,
TSMC North America
etc. are dedicated to provide timely customer services and engineering support to the worldwide customers and also support the
Shareholding: 100%
Company’s core foundry business with related services as well as invest in start-up companies in the semiconductor industry.
TSMC Europe B.V.
Shareholding: 100% 8.1.3 TSMC Subsidiaries
Unit: NT$ (USD, EUR, JPY, KRW, RMB, CAD) thousands As of 12/31/2020 (Note 2)
TSMC Japan Limited
Date of
Shareholding: 100% Company Incorporation Place of Registration Capital Stock Business Activities
TSMC North America Jan. 18, 1988 San Jose, California, U.S. US$ 11,000 Sales and marketing of integrated circuits and
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. semiconductor devices
(Note 2)
TSMC Europe B.V. Mar. 04, 1994 Amsterdam, The Netherlands EUR 100 Customer service and supporting activities
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Japan Limited Sep. 10, 1997 Yokohama, Japan JPY 300,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Korea Limited TSMC Development, Inc. WaferTech, LLC TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Jan. 10, 2020 Yokohama, Japan JPY 550,000 (Note 1) Engineering support activities
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC Korea Limited May 02, 2006 Seoul, Korea KRW 400,000 Customer service and supporting activities
Taiwan TSMC China Company Limited Aug. 04, 2003 Shanghai, China RMB 4,502,080 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Semiconductor TSMC Partners, Ltd. TSMC Technology, Inc. of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
Manufacturing Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited May 16, 2016 Nanjing, China RMB 6,650,119 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Company Limited
of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Global Ltd. TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. TSMC Arizona Corporation Nov. 10, 2020 Arizona, U.S. US$ 0.03 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% other semiconductor devices
TSMC Technology, Inc. Feb. 20, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Engineering support activities
TSMC China Company Limited TSMC Development, Inc. Feb. 16, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Investing in companies involved in semiconductor
Shareholding: 100% manufacturing
WaferTech, LLC Jun. 03, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
other semiconductor devices
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited
Shareholding: 100% TSMC Partners, Ltd. Mar. 26, 1998 British Virgin Islands US$ 988,268 Investing in companies involved in the semiconductor
design and manufacturing, and other investment activities
TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. May 28, 2007 Ontario, Canada CAD 2,434 Engineering support activities
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd.
Shareholding: 87% TSMC Global Ltd. Jul. 18, 2006 British Virgin Islands US$ 11,284,000 Investment activities
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. Feb. 27, 2004 Cayman Islands US$ 3,487 Investing in technology start-up companies
TSMC Arizona Corporation (Note 3) VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Mar. 25, 2006 Cayman Islands US$ 96,519 Investing in technology start-up companies
Shareholding: 100%
Growth Fund Limited May 30, 2007 Cayman Islands US$ 2,504 Investing in technology start-up companies
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Dec. 01, 2003 Hsinchu, Taiwan NT$ 2,911,531 Engaged in manufacturing electronic spare parts and in
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. researching, developing, designing, manufacturing, sales,
Shareholding: 98% packaging and testing of color filter
Note 1: In February 2021, TSMC had a capital injection in TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Capital stock increased to JPY750 million accordingly.
Note 2: O n November 10, 2020, TSMC’s Board of Directors approved the investment in a new venture capital fund, Emerging Fund L.P. The fund was established in January 2021. On February 9, 2021,
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Growth Fund Limited
TSMC’s Board of Directors approved to establish a wholly-owned subsidiary in Japan to expand the Company’s 3DIC material research.
Shareholding: 98% Shareholding: 100%
Note 1: I nveStar Semiconductor Development Fund, Inc. and InveStar Semiconductor Development Fund, Inc. (II) LDC. have completed the liquidation procedures in
November 2020.
Emerging Fund, L.P., a 99.9% owned subsidiary of TSMC, was established in January 2021.
On February 9, 2021, TSMC’s Board of Directors approved to establish a wholly-owned subsidiary in Japan to expand the Company’s 3DIC material research.
Note 2: TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. was established in January 2020.
Note 3: TSMC Arizona Corporation was established in November 2020.
148 149

[TABLE START]

Company	Date of
Incorporation	Place of Registration	Capital Stock	Business Activities
	Jan. 18, 1988	San Jose, California, U.S.	US$ 11,000	
	Mar. 04, 1994	Amsterdam, The Netherlands	EUR 100	
	Sep. 10, 1997	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 300,000	
	Jan. 10, 2020	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 550,000 (Note 1)	
	May 02, 2006	Seoul, Korea	KRW 400,000	
	Aug. 04, 2003	Shanghai, China	RMB 4,502,080	
	May 16, 2016	Nanjing, China	RMB 6,650,119	
	Nov. 10, 2020	Arizona, U.S.	US$ 0.03	
	Feb. 20, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Feb. 16, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Jun. 03, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0	
	Mar. 26, 1998	British Virgin Islands	US$ 988,268	
	May 28, 2007	Ontario, Canada	CAD 2,434	
	Jul. 18, 2006	British Virgin Islands	US$ 11,284,000	
	Feb. 27, 2004	Cayman Islands	US$ 3,487	
	Mar. 25, 2006	Cayman Islands	US$ 96,519	
	May 30, 2007	Cayman Islands	US$ 2,504	
	Dec. 01, 2003	Hsinchu, Taiwan	NT$ 2,911,531	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 98 ---

c. The IFRSs issued by IASB but not yet endorsed and issued into effect by the FSC
Effective Date Issued
New, Revised or Amended Standards and Interpretations by IASB
Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 January 1, 2022
Amendments to IFRS 3 “Reference to the Conceptual Framework” January 1, 2022
Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 “Sale or Contribution of Assets To be determined by IASB
between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture”
Amendments to IAS 1 “Classification of Liabilities as Current or January 1, 2023
Non-current”
Amendments to IAS 16 “Property, Plant and Equipment(cid:289) (cid:302)(cid:289) Proceeds January 1, 2022
before Intended Use”
Amendments to IAS 37 “Onerous Contracts–Cost of Fulfilling a January 1, 2022
Contract”
As of the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were authorized for issue, the
Company continues in evaluating the impact on its financial position and financial performance as a
result of the initial adoption of the aforementioned standards or interpretations and related applicable
period. The related impact will be disclosed when the Company completes the evaluation.
4. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
For the convenience of readers, the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been translated
into English from the original Chinese version prepared and used in the R.O.C. If there is any conflict
between the English version and the original Chinese version or any difference in the interpretation of the
two versions, the Chinese-language consolidated financial statements shall prevail.
Statement of Compliance
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with the
Regulations Governing the Preparation of Financial Reports by Securities Issuers and the IFRSs endorsed
by the FSC with the effective dates (collectively, “Taiwan-IFRSs”).
Basis of Preparation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except
for financial instruments that are measured at fair values, as explained in the accounting policies below.
Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for the assets.
Basis of Consolidation
The basis for the consolidated financial statements
The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of TSMC and entities controlled
by TSMC (its subsidiaries).
Income and expenses of subsidiaries acquired or disposed of are included in the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income from the effective date of acquisition and up to the effective date of disposal, as
appropriate. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the shareholders of the parent and
to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
policies into line with those used by the Company.
- 17 -
- 17 -

--- Page 99 ---

All intra-group transactions, balances, income and expenses are eliminated in full on consolidation.
Changes in the Company’s ownership interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Company losing
control over the subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the
Company’s interests and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
interests in the subsidiaries. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are
adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognized directly in equity and
attributed to shareholders of the parent.
When the Company loses control of a subsidiary, a gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss and is
calculated as the difference between:
a. the aggregate of the fair value of consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest at the
date when control is lost; and
b. the previous carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary and any
non-controlling interest.
The Company shall account for all amounts recognized in other comprehensive income in relation to the
subsidiary on the same basis as would be required if the Company had directly disposed of the related
assets and liabilities.
The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control is lost is
regarded as the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate.
The subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements
The detail information of the subsidiaries at the end of reporting period was as follows:
Establishment Percentage of Ownership
and Operating December 31, December 31,
Name of Investor Name of Investee Main Businesses and Products Location 2020 2019 Note
TSMC TSMC North America Selling and marketing of integrated San Jose, California, 100% 100% -
circuits and other semiconductor U.S.A.
devices
TSMC Europe B.V. (TSMC Customer service and supporting Amsterdam, the 100% 100% a)
Europe) activities Netherlands
TSMC Japan Limited (TSMC Customer service and supporting Yokohama, Japan 100% 100% a)
Japan) activities
TSMC Design Technology Engineering support activities Yokohama, Japan 100% - a), b)
Japan, Inc. (TSMC JDC)
TSMC Korea Limited (TSMC Customer service and supporting Seoul, Korea 100% 100% a)
Korea) activities
TSMC Partners, Ltd. (TSMC Investing in companies involved in the Tortola, British Virgin 100% 100% a)
Partners) design, manufacture, and other Islands
related business in the semiconductor
industry and other investment
activities
TSMC Global, Ltd. (TSMC Investment activities Tortola, British Virgin 100% 100% -
Global) Islands
TSMC China Company Manufacturing, selling, testing and Shanghai, China 100% 100% -
Limited (TSMC China) computer-aided design of integrated
circuits and other semiconductor
devices
TSMC Nanjing Company Manufacturing, selling, testing and Nanjing, China 100% 100% d)
Limited (TSMC Nanjing) computer-aided design of integrated
circuits and other semiconductor
devices
VisEra Technologies Company Engaged in manufacturing electronic Hsin-Chu, Taiwan 87% 87% -
Ltd. (VisEra Tech) spare parts and in researching,
developing, designing,
manufacturing, selling, packaging
and testing of color filter
TSMC Arizona Corporation Manufacturing, selling and testing of Phoenix, Arizona, 100% - a), c)
(TSMC Arizona) integrated circuits and other U.S.A.
semiconductor devices
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, Investing in new start-up technology Cayman Islands 98% 98% a)
L.P. (VTAF II) companies
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, Investing in new start-up technology Cayman Islands 98% 98% a)
L.P. (VTAF III) companies
(Continued)
- 18 -
- 18 -

--- Page 100 ---

Establishment Percentage of Ownership
and Operating December 31, December 31,
Name of Investor Name of Investee Main Businesses and Products Location 2020 2019 Note
TSMC Partners TSMC Development, Inc. Investing in companies involved in the Delaware, U.S.A. 100% 100% -
(TSMC Development) manufacturing related business in the
semiconductor industry
TSMC Technology, Inc. Engineering support activities Delaware, U.S.A. 100% 100% a)
(TSMC Technology)
TSMC Design Technology Engineering support activities Ontario, Canada 100% 100% a)
Canada Inc. (TSMC Canada)
InveStar Semiconductor Investing in new start-up technology Cayman Islands - 97% a) , e)
Development Fund, Inc. companies
(ISDF)
InveStar Semiconductor Investing in new start-up technology Cayman Islands - 97% a) , e)
Development Fund, Inc. (II) companies
LDC. (ISDF II)
TSMC Development WaferTech, LLC (WaferTech) Manufacturing, selling and testing of Washington, U.S.A. 100% 100% -
integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices
VTAF III Growth Fund Limited (Growth Investing in new start-up technology Cayman Islands 100% 100% a)
Fund) companies
(Concluded)
Note a: This is an immaterial subsidiary for which the consolidated financial statements are not audited by the Company’s independent auditors.
Note b: TSMC JDC has been established in January 2020.
Note c: TSMC Arizona has been established in November 2020.
Note d: Under the investment agreement entered into with the municipal government of Nanjing, China, the Company will make an investment in Nanjing in the amount of approximately US$3
billion to establish a subsidiary operating a 300mm wafer fab with the capacity of 20,000 12-inch wafers per month, and a design service center. The aforementioned 300mm wafer fab has
reached the capacity of 20,000 12-inch wafers per month.
Note e: ISDF and ISDF II have completed the liquidation procedures in November 2020.
Foreign Currencies
The financial statements of each individual consolidated entity were expressed in the currency which
reflected its primary economic environment (functional currency). The functional currency of TSMC and
presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements are both New Taiwan Dollars (NT$). In
preparing the consolidated financial statements, the operating results and financial positions of each
consolidated entity are translated into NT$.
In preparing the financial statements of each individual consolidated entity, transactions in currencies other
than the entity’s functional currency (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchange prevailing
at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign
currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Such exchange differences are recognized in
profit or loss in the year in which they arise. Non-monetary items measured at fair value that are
denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was
determined. Exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items are included in profit
or loss for the year except for exchange differences arising on the retranslation of non-monetary items in
respect of which gains and losses are recognized directly in other comprehensive income, in which case, the
exchange differences are also recognized directly in other comprehensive income. Non-monetary items that
are measured in terms of historical cost in foreign currencies are not retranslated.
For the purposes of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Company’s
foreign operations are translated into NT$ using exchange rates prevailing at the end of each reporting
period. Income and expense items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange
differences arising, if any, are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity
(attributed to non-controlling interests as appropriate).
Classification of Current and Noncurrent Assets and Liabilities
Current assets are assets held for trading purposes and assets expected to be converted to cash, sold or
consumed within one year from the end of the reporting period. Current liabilities are obligations incurred
for trading purposes and obligations expected to be settled within one year from the end of the reporting
period. Assets and liabilities that are not classified as current are noncurrent assets and liabilities,
respectively.
- 19 -
- 19 -

--- Page 101 ---

Cash Equivalents
Cash equivalents, for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments, consist of highly liquid time
deposits and investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an
insignificant risk of changes in value.
Financial Instruments
Financial assets and liabilities shall be recognized when the Company becomes a party to the contractual
provisions of the instruments.
Financial assets and liabilities are initially recognized at fair values. Transaction costs that are directly
attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of
the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly
attributable to the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are
recognized immediately in profit or loss.
Financial Assets
The classification of financial assets depends on the nature and purpose of the financial assets and is
determined at the time of initial recognition. Regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are
recognized and derecognized on a trade date or settlement date basis for which financial assets were
classified in the same way, respectively. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
marketplace.
a. Category of financial assets and measurement
Financial assets are classified into the following categories: financial assets at FVTPL, investments in
debt instruments and equity instruments at FVTOCI, and financial assets at amortized cost.
1) Financial asset at FVTPL
For certain financial assets which include debt instruments that do not meet the criteria of amortized
cost or FVTOCI, it is mandatorily required to measure them at FVTPL. Any gain or loss arising
from remeasurement is recognized in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognized in profit or loss
incorporates any interest earned on the financial asset.
2) Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying that cash flows are solely payments of principal
and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of collecting contractual
cash flows and selling the financial assets, are measured at FVTOCI.
Interest income calculated using the effective interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses
and impairment gains or losses on investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI are recognized in
profit or loss. Other changes in the carrying amount of these debt instruments are recognized in
other comprehensive income and will be reclassified to profit or loss when these debt instruments
are disposed.
3) Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
On initial recognition, the Company may irrevocably designate investments in equity investments
that is not held for trading as at FVTOCI.
- 20 -
- 20 -

--- Page 102 ---

Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains
and losses arising from changes in fair value recognized in other comprehensive income and
accumulated in other equity.
Dividends on these investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are recognized in profit or loss
when the Company’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the Company’s rights
clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.
4) Measured at amortized cost
Cash and cash equivalents, debt instrument investments, notes and accounts receivable (including
related parties), other receivables and refundable deposits are measured at amortized cost.
Debt instruments with contractual terms specifying that cash flows are solely payments of principal
and interest on the principal amount outstanding, together with objective of holding financial assets
in order to collect contractual cash flows, are measured at amortized cost.
Subsequent to initial recognition, financial assets measured at amortized cost are measured at
amortized cost, which equals to carrying amount determined by the effective interest method less
any impairment loss.
b. Impairment of financial assets
At the end of each reporting period, a loss allowance for expected credit loss is recognized for financial
assets at amortized cost (including accounts receivable) and for investments in debt instruments that are
measured at FVTOCI.
The loss allowance for accounts receivable is measured at an amount equal to lifetime expected credit
losses. For financial assets at amortized cost and investments in debt instruments that are measured at
FVTOCI, when the credit risk on the financial instrument has not increased significantly since initial
recognition, a loss allowance is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting from
possible default events of a financial instrument within 12 months after the reporting date. If, on the
other hand, there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance
is recognized at an amount equal to expected credit loss resulting from all possible default events over
the expected life of a financial instrument.
The Company recognizes an impairment loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments with a
corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for
investments in debt instruments that are measured at FVTOCI, for which the loss allowance is
recognized in other comprehensive income and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial
asset.
c. Derecognition of financial assets
The Company derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the
financial asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards
of ownership of the financial asset to another entity.
On derecognition of a financial asset at amortized cost in its entirety, the difference between the asset’s
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.
On derecognition of an investment in a debt instrument at FVTOCI, the difference between the asset’s
carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable and the cumulative gain or
loss that had been recognized in other comprehensive income is recognized in profit or loss. However,
on derecognition of an investment in an equity instrument at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss that
had been recognized in other comprehensive income is transferred directly to retained earnings, without
recycling through profit or loss.
- 21 -
- 21 -

--- Page 103 ---

Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments
Classification as debt or equity
Debt and equity instruments issued by the Company are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity
in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability
and an equity instrument.
Equity instruments
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds
received, net of direct issue costs.
Financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are subsequently measured either at amortized cost using effective interest method or at
FVTPL.
Financial liabilities are classified as at fair value through profit or loss when the financial liability is either
held for trading or is designated as at fair value through profit or loss.
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses
arising on remeasurement recognized in profit or loss.
Financial liabilities other than those held for trading purposes and designated as at FVTPL are subsequently
measured at amortized cost at the end of each reporting period.
Derecognition of financial liabilities
The Company derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Company’s obligations are
discharged, cancelled or they expire. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
derecognized and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.
Derivative Financial Instruments
Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value at the date the derivative contracts are
entered into and are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of each reporting period. The
resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss immediately unless the derivative financial instrument is
designated and effective as a hedging instrument, in which event the timing of the recognition in profit or
loss depends on the nature of the hedge relationship.
Hedge Accounting
a. Fair value hedge
The Company designates certain hedging instruments, such as interest rate futures contracts, to partially
hedge against the fair value change caused by interest rates fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income
investments. Changes in the fair value of hedging instrument that are designated and qualify as fair
value hedges are recognized in profit or loss immediately, together with any changes in the fair value of
the hedged items that are attributable to the hedged risk.
- 22 -
- 22 -

--- Page 104 ---

b. Cash flow hedge
The Company designates certain hedging instruments, such as forward exchange contracts, to partially
hedge its foreign exchange rate risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions
(capital expenditures). The effective portion of changes in the fair value of hedging instruments is
recognized in other comprehensive income. When the forecast transactions actually take place, the
associated gains or losses that were recognized in other comprehensive income are removed from
equity and included in the initial cost of the hedged items. The gains or losses from hedging instruments
relating to the ineffective portion are recognized immediately in profit or loss.
The Company prospectively discontinues hedge accounting only when the hedging relationship ceases
to meet the qualifying criteria; for instance, when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated
or exercised.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventories are recorded at standard cost
and adjusted to approximate weighted-average cost at the end of the reporting period. Net realizable value
represents the estimated selling price of inventories less all estimated costs of completion and costs
necessary to make the sale.
Investments Accounted for Using Equity Method
Investments accounted for using the equity method are investments in associates.
An associate is an entity over which the Company has significant influence and that is neither a subsidiary
nor a joint venture. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy
decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over those policies.
The operating results and assets and liabilities of associates are incorporated in these consolidated financial
statements using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate
is initially recognized in the consolidated statements of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter to
recognize the Company’s share of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate as well as
the distribution received. The Company also recognizes its share in the changes in the equities of associates.
Any excess of the cost of acquisition over the Company’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities of an associate recognized at the date of acquisition is recognized
as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Company’s
share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities over the cost of
acquisition, after reassessment, is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment
as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs to sell)
with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognized forms part of the carrying amount of the
investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the recoverable amount of
the investment subsequently increases.
When the Company subscribes to additional shares in an associate at a percentage different from its existing
ownership percentage, the resulting carrying amount of the investment differs from the amount of the
Company’s proportionate interest in the net assets of the associate. The Company records such a difference
as an adjustment to investments with the corresponding amount charged or credited to capital surplus. If the
Company’s ownership interest is reduced due to the additional subscription to the shares of associate by
other investors, the proportionate amount of the gains or losses previously recognized in other
comprehensive income in relation to that associate shall be reclassified to profit or loss on the same basis as
would be required if the associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.
- 23 -
- 23 -

--- Page 105 ---

When a consolidated entity transacts with an associate, profits and losses resulting from the transactions
with the associate are recognized in the Company’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of
interests in the associate that are not owned by the Company.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment. Costs include any incremental costs that are directly attributable to the construction or
acquisition of the item of property, plant and equipment.
Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative
purposes are carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Such assets are classified to the
appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use.
Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other identical categories of property, plant and
equipment, commences when the assets are available for their intended use.
Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of the assets less their residual values over their useful
lives, and it is computed using the straight-line method mainly over the following estimated useful lives:
land improvements - 20 years; buildings (assets used by the Company and assets subject to operating leases)
- 10 to 20 years; machinery and equipment (assets used by the Company and assets subject to operating
leases) - 5 years; and office equipment - 5 years. The estimated useful lives, residual values and
depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
estimates accounted for on a prospective basis. Land is not depreciated.
An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic
benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the assets. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
Leases
For a contract that contains a lease component and non-lease component, the Company may elect to
account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.
The Company as lessor
Rental income from operating lease is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.
The Company as lessee
Except for payments for low-value asset leases and short-term leases (leases of machinery and equipment
and others) which are recognized as expenses on a straight-line basis, the Company recognizes right-of-use
assets and lease liabilities for all leases at the commencement date of the lease.
Right-of-use assets are measured at cost. The cost of right-of-use assets comprises the initial measurement
of lease liabilities adjusted for lease payments and initial direct costs made at or before the commencement
date, plus an estimate of costs needed to restore the underlying assets. Subsequent measurement is
calculated as cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment loss and adjusted for changes
in lease liabilities as a result of lease term modifications or other related factors. Right-of-use assets are
presented separately in the consolidated balance sheets.
Right-of-use assets are depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement dates to the
earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease terms. If the lease
transfers ownership of the underlying assets to the Company by the end of the lease terms or if the cost of
right-of-use assets reflects that the Company will exercise a purchase option, the Company depreciates the
right-of-use assets from the commencement dates to the end of the useful lives of the underlying assets.
- 24 -
- 24 -

--- Page 106 ---

Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the lease payments. Lease payments comprise fixed
payments, variable lease payments which depend on an index or a rate and the exercise price of a purchase
option if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option. The lease payments are discounted using
the lessee’s incremental borrowing rates.
Subsequently, lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, with interest
expense recognized over the lease terms. When there is a change in a lease term, a change in future lease
payments resulting from a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payments, or a change in the
assessment of an option to purchase an underlying asset, the Company remeasures the lease liabilities with a
corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use assets. Lease liabilities are presented on a separate line in the
consolidated balance sheets.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expenses in the periods
in which they are incurred.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Other intangible assets
Other separately acquired intangible assets with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization is recognized using the straight-line method
over the following estimated useful lives: Technology license fees - the estimated life of the technology or
the term of the technology transfer contract; software and system design costs - 3 years or contract period;
patent and others - the economic life or contract period. The estimated useful life and amortization method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an
indication that the cash generating unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
allocated to each of the Company’s cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is less
than its carrying amount, the difference is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to such cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the cash generating unit pro rata based
on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash generating unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is
recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent
periods.
Tangible assets, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets (property,
plant and equipment), right-of-use assets and other intangible assets to determine whether there is any
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. When it is not possible
to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are
- 25 -
- 23 -

--- Page 107 ---

allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the
estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Guarantee Deposit
Guarantee deposit mainly consists of cash received under deposit agreements with customers to ensure they
have access to the Company’s specified capacity. Cash received from customers is recorded as guarantee
deposit upon receipt. Guarantee deposits are refunded to customers when terms and conditions set forth in
the deposit agreements have been satisfied.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue
is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales returns and
other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the consideration of
varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.
In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from the end
of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of goods
with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts without
discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
- 26 -
- 24 -

[TABLE START]

allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the
estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Guarantee Deposit
Guarantee deposit mainly consists of cash received under deposit agreements with customers to ensure they
have access to the Company’s specified capacity. Cash received from customers is recorded as guarantee
deposit upon receipt. Guarantee deposits are refunded to customers when terms and conditions set forth in
the deposit agreements have been satisfied.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue
is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales returns and
other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the consideration of
varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.
In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from the end
of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of goods
with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts without
discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
- 26 -
- 24 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 108 ---

Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in
which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in
retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent
to the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards
and tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only
recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
the deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also
reviewed at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in
which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at
the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax
are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
- 27 -
- 27 -

--- Page 109 ---

Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets.
Government grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from
incurred expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
The Company has considered the economic implications of COVID-19 on critical accounting estimates and
will continue evaluating the impact on its financial position and financial performance as a result of the
pandemic.
In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Critical Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and
circumstances from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered
include contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the
underlying asset to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in
circumstances that are within the control of the Company occurs.
- 28 -
- 28 -

--- Page 110 ---

Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to
determine the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net
realizable value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of
future demand within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected
future revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the
deferred tax assets requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and
profitability, tax holidays, the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any
changes in the global economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could
result in significant adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Cash and deposits in banks $ 653,580,548 $ 452,734,378
Government bonds 3,716,119 2,188,149
Repurchase agreements 1,750,443 -
Commercial paper 1,123,537 476,809
(cid:289) $ 660,170,647 $ 455,399,336
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts
of cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
- 29 -
- 29 -

--- Page 111 ---

7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Forward exchange contracts $ 2,259,412 $ 162,155
Convertible bonds - 123,759
Agency mortgage-backed securities - 40,925
$ 2,259,412 $ 326,839
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 94,128 $ 982,349
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2020
Sell NT$ January 2021 to March 2021 NT$ 144,697,981
Sell US$ January 2021 to March 2021 US$ 1,176,858
December 31, 2019
Sell NT$ January 2020 to June 2020 NT$ 108,428,027
Sell JPY January 2020 to February 2020 JPY 57,471,581
Sell US$ January 2020 to March 2020 US$ 529,209
8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 56,593,623 $ 51,790,045
Agency bonds/Agency mortgage-backed securities 43,977,113 51,966,460
Government bonds 13,459,503 12,824,223
Asset-backed securities 8,368,264 10,815,849
122,398,503 127,396,577
(Continued)
- 30 -
- 30 -

--- Page 112 ---

December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments $ 4,514,940 $ 4,124,337
Publicly traded stocks 49,950 -
4,564,890 4,124,337
$ 126,963,393 $ 131,520,914
Current $ 122,448,453 $ 127,396,577
Noncurrent 4,514,940 4,124,337
$ 126,963,393 $ 131,520,914
(Concluded)
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All the dividends are from investments held at the end of the reporting period.
For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, as the Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity
investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for NT$8 thousand and NT$873,470 thousand,
respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss on financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$108,996
thousand and NT$156,770 thousand were transferred to decrease and increase retained earnings,
respectively.
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$32,480
thousand and NT$35,596 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 32 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit
loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Corporate bonds $ 10,977,298 $ 7,651,727
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (7,099) (2,929)
$ 10,970,199 $ 7,648,798
Current $ 6,597,992 $ 299,884
Noncurrent 4,372,207 7,348,914
$ 10,970,199 $ 7,648,798
Refer to Note 32 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
- 31 -
- 31 -

--- Page 113 ---

10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 47 $ 22,380
Cash flow hedges
Forward exchange contracts - 3,504
$ 47 $ 25,884
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 1,169 $ -
Cash flow hedges
Forward exchange contracts - 1,798
$ 1,169 $ 1,798
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of the interest rate futures
contracts and the value of the hedged financial assets will change in opposite directions in response to
movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other
sources of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of
hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risk.
December 31, 2020
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$88,700 March 2021
bonds
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 6,198,683 $ 1,122
- 32 -
- 32 -

--- Page 114 ---

December 31, 2019
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$122,200 March 2020
bonds
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 7,364,727 $ (22,380)
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is detailed below:
Increase
(Decrease) in Value Used for
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Calculating Hedge Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury bonds $ (353,611) $ (164,740)
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI 353,611 177,831
$ - $ 13,091
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks
associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures). The hedge ratio is
adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%. The forward exchange
contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward exchange contracts
and the value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign
exchange rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward exchange contracts. No other sources of
ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and
2019, refer to Note 22(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments and
the amount transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges for foreign currency risk.
December 31, 2019
Balance in
Other Equity
Contract Amount (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Maturity Hedges)
Forward exchange contracts Sell NT$ 1,342,392 January 2020 $ (3,820)
- 33 -
- 33 -

--- Page 115 ---

The effect for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is detailed below:
Increase
(Decrease) in Value Used for
Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts $ 24,085 $ (109,592)
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ (24,085) $ 109,592
11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 142,771,597 $ 135,978,049
Less: Loss allowance (246,626) (325,325)
142,524,971 135,652,724
At FVTOCI 2,955,301 3,255,865
$ 145,480,272 $ 138,908,589
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held
within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for
credit-impaired accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit
loss ratio of customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and
customers’ financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due
over 90 days without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Not past due $ 140,933,622 $ 126,134,762
Past due
Past due within 30 days 4,784,425 13,082,080
Past due 31-60 days 8,708 12,794
Past due 61-120 days 48 1,033
Past due over 121 days 95 3,245
Less: Loss allowance (246,626) (325,325)
$ 145,480,272 $ 138,908,589
- 34 -
- 34 -

--- Page 116 ---

All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Balance, beginning of year $ 325,325 $ 7,253
Provision (Reversal) (78,474) 318,290
Effect of exchange rate changes (225) (218)
Balance, end of year $ 246,626 $ 325,325
For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Finished goods $ 21,705,625 $ 8,924,541
Work in process 91,672,870 51,969,105
Raw materials 14,715,963 16,552,275
Supplies and spare parts 9,258,949 5,535,275
$ 137,353,407 $ 82,981,196
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue, as illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Inventory losses (reversal of write-down of inventories) $ 3,664,513 $ (1,983,048)
The aforementioned reversal of write-down of inventories for the year ended December 31, 2019 excluded
wafer contamination losses. Please refer to related losses in Note 37.
13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2020 2019 2020 2019
Vanguard International Manufacturing, selling, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 9,029,890 $ 9,027,572 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and selling of integrated Singapore 5,900,245 6,502,174 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
(Continued)
- 35 -
- 35 -

--- Page 117 ---

% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2020 2019 2020 2019
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan $ 2,554,123 $ 1,846,145 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 1,328,620 1,284,377 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and
marketing of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan 28,183 38,520 28% 28%
wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and
researching, developing and testing
of RFID
$ 18,841,061 $ 18,698,788
(Concluded)
As of December 31, 2020 and 2019, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the investments accounted for using the equity method in publicly traded stocks
calculated by the closing price at the end of the reporting period are summarized as follows. The closing
price represents the quoted price in active markets, the level 1 fair value measurement.
December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2020 2019
VIS $ 53,849,925 $ 36,812,923
Xintec $ 20,420,233 $ 8,958,195
GUC $ 15,827,184 $ 11,251,774
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Assets used by the Company $ 1,554,585,938 $ 1,352,313,861
Assets subject to operating leases 1,003,182 63,544
$ 1,555,589,120 $ 1,352,377,405
a. Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 3,991,798 $ 438,075,063 $ 2,886,622,968 $ 54,611,364 $ 528,295,086 $ 3,911,596,279
Additions (deductions) - 84,882,543 729,943,300 15,112,949 (304,218,044 ) 525,720,748
Disposals or retirements - (41,568 ) (6,397,279 ) (734,129 ) - (7,172,976 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 23,142 - - - 23,142
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (1,199,011 ) - - (1,199,011 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (49,173 ) (491,706 ) (1,964,246 ) (127,536 ) (111,682 ) (2,744,343 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
(Continued)
- 36 -
- 36 -

--- Page 118 ---

Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 538,690 $ 243,059,390 $ 2,278,265,943 $ 37,418,395 $ - $ 2,559,282,418
Additions 1,479 29,209,096 285,393,637 7,216,921 - 321,821,133
Disposals or retirements - (27,990 ) (6,012,942 ) (732,403 ) - (6,773,335 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 8,215 - - - 8,215
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (202,593 ) - - (202,593 )
Impairment - - 10,159 - - 10,159
Effect of exchange rate
changes (34,040 ) (449,240 ) (1,924,235 ) (100,581 ) - (2,508,096 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2020 $ 3,436,496 $ 250,648,003 $ 1,051,475,763 $ 25,060,316 $ 223,965,360 $ 1,554,585,938
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 4,011,353 $ 418,151,675 $ 2,728,760,127 $ 48,382,279 $ 172,910,989 $ 3,372,216,423
Additions - 21,448,528 179,798,420 7,415,036 355,621,089 564,283,073
Disposals or retirements - (158,970 ) (17,381,538 ) (1,043,398 ) - (18,583,906 )
Transfers from right-of-use
assets - - 619,779 - - 619,779
Effect of disposal of
subsidiary - - - (508 ) - (508 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (19,555 ) (1,366,170 ) (5,173,820 ) (142,045 ) (236,992 ) (6,938,582 )
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 3,991,798 $ 438,075,063 $ 2,886,622,968 $ 54,611,364 $ 528,295,086 $ 3,911,596,279
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 550,575 $ 217,899,243 $ 2,049,278,908 $ 32,525,129 $ - $ 2,300,253,855
Additions 1,633 26,026,642 246,724,229 6,012,497 - 278,765,001
Disposals or retirements - (144,402 ) (12,880,817 ) (1,042,131 ) - (14,067,350 )
Transfers from right-of-use
assets - - 20,659 - - 20,659
Reversal of impairment - - (301,384 ) - - (301,384 )
Effect of disposal of
subsidiary - - - (508 ) - (508 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (13,518 ) (722,093 ) (4,575,652 ) (76,592 ) - (5,387,855 )
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 538,690 $ 243,059,390 $ 2,278,265,943 $ 37,418,395 $ - $ 2,559,282,418
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2019 $ 3,453,108 $ 195,015,673 $ 608,357,025 $ 17,192,969 $ 528,295,086 $ 1,352,313,861
(Concluded)
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of
20 years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2019, the Company recognized a reversal of impairment loss of NT$301,384
thousand due to redeployment of certain idle machinery and equipment. Such reversal of impairment
loss was recognized in other operating income and expenses.
- 37 -
- 37 -

--- Page 119 ---

b. Assets subject to operating leases
Machinery and
Buildings Equipment Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 562,610 $ - $ 562,610
Disposals or retirements (311,939) - (311,939)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (23,142) - (23,142)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 1,199,011 1,199,011
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 227,529 $1,199,011 $1,426,540
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 499,066 $ - $ 499,066
Additions 16,281 19,399 35,680
Disposals or retirements (305,766) - (305,766)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (8,215) - (8,215)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 202,593 202,593
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 201,366 $ 221,992 $ 423,358
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 26,163 $ 977,019 $1,003,182
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 562,610 $ - $ 562,610
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 562,610 $ - $ 562,610
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 474,899 $ - $ 474,899
Additions 24,167 - 24,167
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 499,066 $ - $ 499,066
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2019 $ 63,544 $ - $ 63,544
Operating leases relate to leases of buildings and leases of machinery and equipment with lease terms
approximately between 1 to 5 years. The lessees do not have purchase options to acquire the assets at
the expiry of the lease periods.
The maturity analysis of operating lease payments receivable from the buildings and machinery and
equipment is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Year 1 $ 149,120 $ 18,450
Year 2 16,992 16,992
Year 3 - 16,992
$ 166,112 $ 52,434
- 38 -
- 38 -

--- Page 120 ---

15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Carrying amounts
Land $ 25,141,908 $ 14,064,036
Buildings 2,544,742 2,351,809
Machinery and equipment - 775,809
Office equipment 41,732 40,748
$ 27,728,382 $ 17,232,402
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 13,481,172 $ 1,032,985
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 1,312,888 $ 957,065
Buildings 569,531 458,772
Machinery and equipment 775,809 1,184,374
Office equipment 23,402 22,453
$ 2,681,630 $ 2,622,664
Income from subleasing right-of-use assets (classified under
other operating income and expenses, net) $ 79,624 $ 55,026
b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 1,828,025 $ 2,275,084
Noncurrent portion 20,560,649 15,041,833
$ 22,388,674 $ 17,316,917
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Land 0.48%-2.14% 0.67%-2.14%
Buildings 0.54%-3.88% 0.67%-3.88%
Machinery and equipment - 3.24%
Office equipment 0.28%-3.88% 0.64%-3.88%
- 39 -
- 39 -

--- Page 121 ---

c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
The Company leases machinery and equipment for use in operation with lease terms of 2 years. The
Company has purchase options to acquire leasehold machinery and equipment at the end of the lease
terms. As of September 30, 2020, the aforementioned lease contract has been expired.
d. Subleases
The Company subleases the right to use its buildings and machinery and equipment under operating
leases with lease terms of 1 to 6 years.
The maturity analysis of lease payments receivable under operating subleases is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Year 1 $ 144,099 $ 58,569
Year 2 - 1,885
$ 144,099 $ 60,454
e. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 3,153,451 $ 5,007,057
Expenses relating to low-value asset leases $ 300 $ 492
Expenses relating to variable lease payments not included in the
measurement of lease liabilities $ 256,996 $ 195,062
Years Ended December 31
2020 2019
Total cash outflow for leases $ 6,354,610 $ 7,724,421
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 5,693,376 $ 15,854,951 $ 33,024,010 $ 8,302,996 $ 62,875,333
Additions - 6,308,926 3,275,757 2,974,784 12,559,467
Disposals or retirements - - (60,467 ) - (60,467 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (256,774 ) (2,165 ) (333 ) (79 ) (259,351 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

--- Page 122 ---

Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ - $ 9,823,770 $ 26,502,067 $ 5,896,468 $ 42,222,305
Additions - 2,404,461 3,669,257 1,112,530 7,186,248
Disposals or retirements - - (59,868 ) - (59,868 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (2,165 ) 303 (20 ) (1,882 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 9,935,646 $ 6,127,208 $ 4,268,723 $ 25,768,179
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ 5,795,488 $ 10,974,458 $ 29,594,483 $ 7,656,524 $ 54,020,953
Additions - 4,879,562 3,710,381 647,755 9,237,698
Disposals or retirements - - (260,904 ) - (260,904 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (102,112 ) 931 (19,950 ) (1,283 ) (122,414 )
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ 5,693,376 $ 15,854,951 $ 33,024,010 $ 8,302,996 $ 62,875,333
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2019 $ - $ 8,756,005 $ 23,023,498 $ 5,239,313 $ 37,018,816
Additions - 1,066,834 3,747,343 658,232 5,472,409
Disposals or retirements - - (258,527 ) - (258,527 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 931 (10,247 ) (1,077 ) (10,393 )
Balance at December 31, 2019 $ - $ 9,823,770 $ 26,502,067 $ 5,896,468 $ 42,222,305
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2019 $ 5,693,376 $ 6,031,181 $ 6,521,943 $ 2,406,528 $ 20,653,028
(Concluded)
The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
annual discount rates of 8.0% in both years in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, to
reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. SHORT-TERM LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Unsecured loans
Amount $ 88,559,026 $ 118,522,290
Loan content
US$ (in thousands) $ 200,000 $ 2,370,000
EUR (in thousands) 2,398,000 1,410,000
Annual interest rate (0.54)%-0.33% 0.01%-2.22%
Maturity date Due by February Due by May
2021 2020
- 41 -
- 41 -

--- Page 123 ---

18. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2020 2019
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 173,197,000 $ 56,900,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 84,291,000 -
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (782,916) -
Less: Current portion (2,600,000) (31,800,000)
$ 254,105,084 $ 25,100,000
The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
100-2 B January 2012 to $ 7,000,000 1.46% Bullet repayment;
January 2019 interest payable
annually
101-1 B August 2012 to 9,000,000 1.40% The same as above
August 2019
101-2 B September 2012 9,000,000 1.39% The same as above
to September
2019
101-3 - October 2012 to 4,400,000 1.53% The same as above
October 2022
101-4 B January 2013 to 10,000,000 1.35% The same as above
January 2020
C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 B February 2013 to 11,600,000 1.38% The same as above
February 2020
C February 2013 to 3,600,000 1.50% The same as above
February 2023
102-2 A July 2013 to July 10,200,000 1.50% The same as above
2020
B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
102-3 B August 2013 to 8,500,000 1.52% The same as above
August 2019
102-4 C September 2013 1,400,000 1.60% Bullet repayment;
to March 2019 interest payable
annually (interest for
the six months prior
to maturity will
accrue on the basis of
actual days and be
repayable at maturity)
(Continued)
- 42 -
- 42 -