
--- Page 68 ---

Risk Appetite and Risk Management Scope ● Risk Management Organization Chart ● R isk Management Executive Council
TSMC has defined its risk appetite statements, which outline the nature and extent of the risks which TSMC is willing to take in 1. Identifies potential/emerging risks that may impact TSMC in
pursuit of its business goals. These risk appetite statements are: Board of Directors achieving our objectives and/or the continued effectiveness
● Risk taken should be carefully evaluated, commensurate with rewards and be in line with the Company’s strategic, investment, and efficiency of our business operations.
financial and corporate objectives. 2. Conducts risk assessments, defines risk mitigation plans,
● Risk considerations are embedded into business operations and managed within the risk tolerance (risk indicators) of the divisions, including incident management plans as well as provides
functions and Company. Audit and Risk Committee sponsorship and allocate sufficient resources to enable
● TSMC will not invest or participate in any business activities that exceeds our risk tolerance. The Company does not condone safety timely and effective mitigations.
related breaches or lapses, non-compliance with laws and regulations, as well as acts such as fraud, bribery and corruption. 3. Leads and drives cross-functional taskforce, meetings, or
Risk Management Steering
activities to ensure that risks are adequately & effectively
Committee
Adopting the five-step risk management process consisting of the identification, assessment, response, monitor and review of (Functional heads, VP level) mitigated, including collaboration with Risk Management
risks, risks assessments are performed by key functional units, to form the enterprise-level risk map and mitigation plans, that are Division and various parties.
presented to the Audit Committee. This process is supported by ongoing education and awareness efforts in fostering a risk-aware
Risk Management Executive
4. Defines key risk indicators (KRIs) to proactively monitor risk
culture and building risk competencies. Council Risk Management dynamics to respond in a timely and effective manner.
(Members titled as Risk Management Division
Champion (RMC), director-level) 5. Builds a risk-aware culture and raise risk competency in fab/
division, including but not limited to training/exercises and
● Risk Management Scope
continuous improvements.
Strategic Risks Operational Risks
(R
R
e
i
p
s
r
k
e s
M
en
a
ta
n
ti
a
ve
g
s
e
f
m
rom
e n
ea
t
c
T
h
a
F
s
a
k
b/
f
D
o
iv
r
i
c
si
e
o
s
n)
6. Defines and facilitates action plans based on root cause
●Industry developments ●Natural and man-made disasters analysis to prevent reoccurrences of major incidents,
●Changes in technology (including IT security) ●Capacity expansion
●Decrease in demand and average selling price ●Construction of new fabs high-risk events and major findings raised from internal/
●Competition ●Sales concentration
●Changes in the government policies and regulatory environment ●Purchasing concentration Risk management is a shared responsibility of both external reviews.
Financial Risks ● ● I L n it t i e g l i l o ec u t s u a a n l d p r n o o p n e - r l t i y ti g ri i g o h u t s s matters management and employees. All employees are required to be 7. Reports to Risk Management Steering Committee on
● ● ● E r E H d    e c x e i g g t o r e u i h n v r l - a o n a r t m a t i i s i v l o k i e fi c / n h n t s r i r i a g a s o n k h n r c s l s y i i m a n ( i l c n g e p t c v i l o l e e u n r m d a s g e in n e g d t a in i t n i t o v e n e r s e o t s m f t n r e a e n t w t e s ; fl t a l u e x c n t l d a u i w a n t g s io ) , n e , n f d o o r r e s i e g m n e e n xc ts h , a a n n g d e g v u o a la r t a il n it t y e , e i s n f fl o a r t i o o t n h , e a r n p d a r a t m ies e ; n a d n m d e fi n n ts a n to c ia ta l x ● ● ● ● ● M R F C C u e h h e t c a a u r r n n g u r g g e e it r e e i R s n i i & g n n a D n q c m d o u p a r a a l p a n c li n o a q ty s g r u a e a p i t s m n e e it d r e i r s o e n o e n p t n x s u p n t e e a c l t t i e o d n R a & nd D i s m p p en ac d t i n o g n the Company’s crisis management c a T o h re m e a r p o o e f l t e e r s e n s a t p n a o d n n d r s e ib s a p c il c o it o n y u s w i n b i t t i a l h i b t i a e le n s f o e o f m r t m p h h e a a n r s i a s is g k i o m n n g a c n r l i a e sk a g s r e m r r e is e l k a n t o t e w d n to er t s h h e ip ir . t i S m h te e p e l p r e i r m n o g g e r n C e t o s s s m t , h m e e f i f t d e t c e e t c e i i v . s e io n n e s s s m re a v d ie e w b , y le R s is s k o n M l a e n a a rn g e e d m a e n n d t
●Impairment charges ●N r  e o g n u - l c a o ti m on p s l ia a n n c d e a w cc it o h r d e s x , p a o n r d t c f o a n ilu tr r o e l , t o e n t v im iro e n ly m o e b n ta ta in l a r n eq d u c i l s i i m te a a te p p ch ro a v n a g ls e n re e l c a e t s e s d a r l y a w fo s r , organization are defined as below:
Other Risks conducting business ● R isk Management Taskforces
●S ales of significant numbers of shares by TSMC’s directors, and/or shareholders who own 10% or more of TSMC’s ● Risk Management Steering Committee 1. Identifies and assesses potential risks/threats that may
total outstanding shares
impact TSMC achieving its business objectives, as well as
●T rade policies 1. Advises the Board in determining overall risk appetite,
deploying the risk mitigations.
tolerance, strategy and resources allocation (taking into
account of the current and prospective macroeconomic,
2. Plans and executes risk prevention and mitigations in
TSMC recognizes that its systems and processes provide reasonable but not absolute assurance and hence continually improve to
accordance with risk scenarios.
technological, regulatory, environmental and social
ensure that its ability to manage and respond to risks and opportunities remain relevant and effective.
developments and trends).
3. Organizes and/or participates in cross-functional meetings,
in addressing risks that cross multi-disciplines or divisions/
2. R eviews and oversees the applicability and performances of
Risk Management Organization
fabs.
risk management framework, policy and procedures.
Risk management in TSMC involves the reporting and oversight structure involving both Board of Directors and management of
3. Provides advice and assurance to the Board by adopting a
4. Participates in the implementation and execution of risk
TSMC that seeks to embed sound risk management practices in business decisions and operations across TSMC. The Board of
management initiatives and activities.
holistic view of the key risks that TSMC is exposed to and
Directors is responsible for the governance of risk and has authorized the Audit Committee to review TSMC’s ERM framework.
approves the prioritization of risk mitigations.
5. Reviews the investigation of major incidents, high-risk events
At the management level, the risk management organization is composed of the Risk Management Steering Committee, the Risk
and major findings raised from internal/external checks for
4. Sets the tone at the top, provides sponsorship to risk
Management Executive Council, the Risk Management Taskforces and the Risk Management Division.
division. Monitor the effectiveness of action plans.
management initiatives and activities bringing about the
desired risk culture, awareness and capabilities of effectively
The Risk Management Division works with each function in applying the ERM framework to assess and mitigate risks throughout
and sufficiently managing the key risks and new type of ● R isk Management Division
TSMC by risk monitoring, conducting workshops, and implementing risk related policies and guidelines. Annually, the risk
risks, including clarifying the risk ownership.
1. Assists the board in establishing, overseeing a proactive
management organization reports to the Audit Committee on TSMC’s key risks and mitigation efforts, and the Audit Committee’s
and effective management system of risk management and
5. Ensures that risk management is incorporated into strategic
Chairperson reports to the Board of Directors on the risk profile and risk mitigation measures being taken.
business continuity management, including risk appetite and
business development and operational planning, day-to-day
tolerance, risk strategy and risk management framework,
management and decision making.
policy, and procedures.
6. Advises the Board on proposed transactions to address the
strategic risks and capitalize on opportunities.
2. Strengthens risk culture, awareness, and risk management
capabilities through continuous training, education and
awareness programs.
132 133
draoB
tnemeganaM

[TABLE START]

Strategic Risks	Operational Risks

[TABLE END]


--- Page 69 ---

3. Identifies and analyzes the sources and categories of risks of 6.3.2 Strategic Risks the above factors, it may become less competitive and its introducing new technology for data protection, enhancing
the company, and regularly review their applicability. revenue may decline significantly. and certifying office computer security compliance, improving
Risks Associated with Changes in Technology and
4. Facilitates risk management committees, risk owners in email phishing defense and implementing employee awareness
Industry
the implementation of risk management activities and Regarding the response measures for the above-mentioned testing. TSMC also established an integrated and automatic
initiatives to identify and manage risks, including the review ● Industry Developments risks, please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position, Differentiation and security operation platform, enabled the automation of
The electronics industries and semiconductor market
of risk mitigation plans, business continuity, crisis and Strategy” on page 18-20 of this Annual Report. cybersecurity event detection and response, enhanced internal
are cyclical and subject to significant and often rapid
incident management plans, review the effectiveness of risk security assessment automation, conducted external red team
fluctuations in product demand, which could impact TSMC’s
management activities through documentary risk report ● IT Security testing and practiced responses to ransomware attacks. For
semiconductor foundry business. Variations in order levels from
reviews, management discussions, meetings, to provide Even though TSMC has established a comprehensive internet supply chain risks reduction, through collaboration, TSMC
TSMC’s customers may result in volatility in the Company’s
reasonable assurance. and computing security network, the Company cannot helped major suppliers improve their security maturity and
revenue and earnings.
5. Coordinates cross-department/functional interaction guarantee that its computing systems which control or share industry security events and best practices on demand
and communication of risk management operations and maintain vital corporate functions, such as its manufacturing and by schedule. Moreover, TSMC has collaborated with
From time to time, the electronics and semiconductor
decisions, including implementing the risk management operations and enterprise accounting, would be completely Semiconductor Equipment and Materials Institute (“SEMI”) to
industries have experienced significant and occasionally
decisions of Risk Management Steering Committee. immune to crippling cyberattacks. In the event of a serious set up a Semiconductor Cybersecurity Committee to promote
prolonged periods of downturns and overcapacity. Because
6. Consults with management, consultants and peers on best cyberattack, TSMC’s systems may lose important corporate security standards (SEMI E187) as well as security assessment
TSMC is, and will continue to be, dependent on the demand
practices and standards for continuous improvement and data or its production lines may be shut down pending the methodology for improving the resilience of semiconductor
of electronics and semiconductor companies for its services,
benchmarking. resolution of such attack. Major cyberattacks could also lead supply chain. While these ongoing enhancements further
periods of downturns and overcapacity in the general
7. Prepares reports to stakeholders that may be required from to loss or divulgence of trade secrets and other sensitive improve Company’s cybersecurity defense solutions, there can
electronics and semiconductor industries could lead to reduced
time to time by regulators, government agencies, insurers/ information, such as proprietary information of its customers be no assurance that the Company is immune to cyberattacks.
demand for overall semiconductor foundry services, including
brokers and customers, including an annual report on the and other stakeholders and personal information of its
TSMC’s services. If TSMC cannot take appropriate actions, such
implementation of company’s risk management system. employees. While TSMC seeks to continuously review and In addition, TSMC employs certain third-party service providers
as reducing its costs to sufficiently offset declines in demand,
assess its cybersecurity policies and procedures to ensure their for it and its affiliates worldwide with whom it needs to share
the Company’s revenue, margins and earnings will likely suffer
Crisis Management and Business Continuity adequacy and effectiveness, the Company cannot guarantee highly sensitive and confidential information to enable them
during periods of downturns and overcapacity.
Management that it will not be susceptible to new and emerging risks and to provide the relevant services. While TSMC requires such
TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience with attacks in the evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats. third-party service providers to strictly fulfill the confidentiality
close reference to business continuity management standards ● Changes in Technology and/or internet security requirements in its service agreements
The semiconductor industry and its technologies are constantly
that enables the Company to respond effectively to business Malicious hackers may also try to introduce computer viruses, with them, there is no assurance that each of them will comply
changing. TSMC competes by developing process technologies
disruption. The Company is cognizant of the major risks of corrupted software or ransomware into TSMC’s network with such obligations. Moreover, such third-party service
using increasingly advanced nodes and manufacturing
natural and man-made disasters, including earthquakes, systems to disrupt its operations, blackmail the Company providers may also be susceptible to cyberattacks. If TSMC or
products with more functions. The Company also competes
flooding, typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, to regain control of its computing systems, or spy on it for its service providers are not able to timely resolve the respective
by developing new derivative technologies. If TSMC does
wildfires, volcanic eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, sensitive information. These attacks may result in TSMC technical difficulties caused by such cyberattacks, or ensure
not anticipate these changes in technologies and rapidly
pandemic, cyber-attacks, sabotage, failure of critical facilities having to pay damages for its delayed or disrupted orders the integrity and availability of its data (and data belonging to
develop new and innovative technologies, or the Company’s
and equipment, shortages in the supply of utilities, such as or incur significant expenses in implementing remedial and its customers and other third parties) or maintain control of
competitors unforeseeably gain sudden access to additional
water, electricity and natural gas, etc. could disrupt TSMC’s improvement measures to further enhance its cybersecurity its or its service providers’ computing systems, the Company’s
technologies, TSMC may not be able to provide foundry
operations. network, and may also expose the Company to significant commitments to its customers and other stakeholders may
services on competitive terms. In addition, TSMC’s customers
legal liabilities arising from or related to legal proceedings or be materially impaired and its results of operations, financial
have significantly decreased the time in which their products
To mitigate the operational impacts of crisis events, the Risk regulatory investigations associated with such breaches. condition, prospects and reputation may also be materially and
or services are launched into the market. If TSMC is unable
Management Division implements pre-crisis risk assessment, adversely affected.
to meet these shorter product time-to-market, it risks losing
response procedures and recovery plans. Exercises and drills In the past, TSMC has experienced and may in the future
these customers. These factors have also been intensified by
are also conducted to validate our emergency responses, crisis be subject to attack by malicious software. TSMC has Risks Associated with Decrease in Demand and Average
the shift of the global technology market to consumer driven
management, business continuity plans to enhance operational implemented and continually updated rigorous cybersecurity Selling Price
products, such as smartphones, and increasing competition
preparedness. In major incidents or crisis events, the Crisis measures to prevent and minimize harm caused by such A vast majority of the Company’s revenue is derived from
and concentration of customers (all further discussed among
Management Guideline guides in the management and attacks. Such measures include advanced virus scanning tools customers who use TSMC’s products in smartphones, high
these risk factors).
responses. The Central Crisis Command Centre (C4), headed by to protect fab equipment, strengthening firewall and network performance computing, IoT, automotive, and digital consumer
CEO and comprised of senior executives across key functions, controls to prevent computer viruses from spreading among electronics. Any deterioration in or a slowdown in the growth
Also, the uncertainty and instability inherent in advanced
provides guidance and decision-making to ensure a constant tools and fabs, installing advanced malware defense solutions of such end markets resulting in a substantial decrease in the
technologies impose challenges for achieving expected product
readiness-to-respond capability, including rapid responses and for critical computers, introducing new solution architecture demand for overall global semiconductor foundry services,
quality and product yield. If TSMC fails to maintain quality, it
communication to key stakeholders. to secure internet access, adopting advanced solutions including TSMC’s products and services, could adversely affect
may result in loss of revenue and additional cost, as well as loss
against distributed denial-of-service attacks from the internet, the Company’s revenue. Further, semiconductor manufacturing
of business or customer trust. If TSMC is unable to overcome
134 135

--- Page 70 ---

facilities require substantial investment to construct and are may decrease TSMC’s customer base or its ASP, or both. If 6.3.3 Operational Risks If such events were to occur over prolonged periods of
largely fixed cost assets once they are in operation. Because TSMC is unable to compete effectively with such new and time, TSMC’s operations and financial performance may be
Natural and Man-Made Disaster
the Company owns most of its manufacturing capacities, a aggressive competitors on technology, manufacturing capacity, materially adversely affected. Moreover, TSMC’s future capacity
TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience in
significant portion of its operating costs is fixed. In general, product quality and customer satisfaction, it risks losing expansions in Taiwan and elsewhere could be curtailed by
accordance with business continuity management standards
these costs do not decline when customer demand or TSMC’s customers to such new contenders. utility shortages.
that equips it with the capability to respond effectively to
capacity utilization rates drop, and thus declines in customer
business disruption. Disruptions caused by natural and
demand, among other factors, may significantly decrease Risks Associated with Changes in the Government The COVID-19 pandemic has had impacts on worldwide
man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding,
TSMC’s margins. Conversely, as product demand rises and Policies and Regulatory Environment economic activity. Prolonged impacts of COVID-19 or future
typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic
factory utilization increases, the fixed costs are spread over TSMC management closely monitors all domestic and foreign similar events could adversely affect TSMC’s business and
eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, pandemic, cyber-attacks,
increased output, which can improve TSMC’s margins. In governmental policies and regulations that might impact results of operations in several ways, including but not limited
sabotage, failure of critical facilities and equipment, shortages
addition, the historical trend of declining average selling prices TSMC’s business and financial operations. During 2022 and to: (1) interruption of the operations of TSMC’s supply chains
in the supply of utilities, such as water, electricity and natural
(“ASP”) of end use applications places downward pressure on as of the date of this Annual Report, the following changes or for equipment, parts and materials in terms of manufacturing,
gas, etc. could interrupt TSMC’s operations.
the prices of the components that go into such applications. developments in governmental policies and regulations may logistics, and manpower arrangements for tool installation;
Decreases in the ASP of end use applications may increase influence the Company’s business operations: (2) fluctuation in TSMC customers’ demands for certain
Most of TSMC’s production facilities, as well as those of
pricing pressure on components produced by TSMC, which, in products, leading to uncertainties for TSMC’s capacity planning
many of its suppliers, customers and upstream providers of
turn, may negatively impact the Company’s revenue, margin The manufacturing, assembling and testing of TSMC’s and also for meeting customer demand, which may harm
complementary semiconductor manufacturing services, are
and earnings. products require the use of chemicals and materials that are TSMC’s business with its customers and subject TSMC to the
located in areas susceptible to natural disasters and may face
subject to environmental, climate related, health and safety risk of legal disputes; and (3) potential production delays for
potential shortages of electricity or water, which could cause
Risks Associated with Competition laws and regulations issued worldwide as well as international TSMC’s products due to forced fab or office closures or partial
interruptions to TSMC’s operations.
The markets for TSMC’s foundry services are highly competitive. accords such as the Paris Agreement. Climate change related operation.
The Company competes with other foundry service providers, laws or regulations currently are too indefinite for the
Thus, if one or more natural disasters result in a prolonged
as well as a number of integrated device manufacturers. Company to assess the impact on our future financial condition TSMC has formed an “Epidemic Prevention Committee” to
disruption to TSMC’s operations or those of its customers or
Some of these companies may have access to more advanced with any degree of reasonable certainty. For example, the identify, implement and monitor actions stemming from the
suppliers, or if any of its fabs or vendor facilities were to be
technologies than TSMC. Other companies may have greater Taiwan “Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act”, dynamic exigencies of the pandemic, including but not limited
damaged or cease operations as a result of an unforeseen
financial and other resources than TSMC, such as the possibility which became effective on July 1, 2015, was amended to, health management of its employees, splitting operation
disruptive event, it could reduce TSMC’s manufacturing
of receiving direct or indirect government subsidies, economic and was renamed as “Climate Change Response Act”. The and work from home arrangements, identification and control
capacity and cause the loss of important customers and
stimulus funds, or other incentives that may be unavailable to amendment became effective in February 2023, which set a of high risk individuals, rapid investigation of confirmed
thereby have an adverse, material impact on its operational
TSMC. The governments of the United States, China, Europe, goal of reaching net-zero emissions in Taiwan by 2050 and cases, management of production inventory, supply chain
and financial performance.
South Korea, and Japan provide various incentive programs also established a carbon fee system that will collect carbon management, and capacity management for demand changes.
to promote developments of their domestic semiconductor fees on direct and indirect emissions from emitters whose As of the date of this annual report, TSMC’s current business
To cope with possible droughts resulted from severe climate
industries, such as the Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce emissions reach certain thresholds. The carbon fee system is and results of operations have not been materially affected by
change, TSMC implemented manufacturing process water
Semiconductors and Science Act of 2022 (the “U.S. CHIPS expected to take effect by 2024 and the rate for such fees the COVID-19 pandemic, and with the easing of the COVID-19
saving, as well as building up industrial water recycling
Act”), which provides financial incentives to incentivize the has yet to be determined by the relevant authorities. We may pandemic, TSMC does not expect its business and results of
plants, using household water cooperating with government
development of U.S. semiconductor industry. Although be required to pay any incurred carbon fees if our emission operations will be directly affected. Nevertheless, the Company
to mitigate water shortage risk. TSMC also implemented
governments in certain of the countries or regions where TSMC levels exceed applicable thresholds pursuant to the carbon fee could still face the post-pandemic downward changes in
its business continuity plans, including water conservation
is currently expanding or planning to expand its production system, which could result in increased operating costs for us consumers’ demand for electronic products, which in turn lead
measures, the use of more alternative water sources, water
capacity have extended or may in the future extend certain and affect us financially to a certain extent. We expect to see to reduced demand for and place downward pressure on the
supplied by tank cars, stress tests and various exercises. As a
financial incentives to the Company, there is no assurance more of its relevant regulations promulgated by the regulators price of TSMC’s products and services.
result, there was no material impact to TSMC’s business or
that TSMC will be able to apply for or receive such financial in the future. Also, the R.O.C. legislative authority is reviewing,
operational performance.
incentives at the levels TSMC expects or at all. Additionally, at all times, various environmental issues to develop laws and TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity
any financial incentives the Company receive may be subject regulations relating to environmental protection and climate management, which includes periodic risk assessments and
TSMC has occasionally suffered power outages, dips or surges
to strict conditions, or the grantors could seek to recover related changes. The impact of such laws and regulations, as mitigations, and the establishment of taskforces before
caused by difficulties encountered by its electricity supplier
any funds provided to TSMC, or cancel, reduce or deny well as of the carbon fee, is indeterminable at the moment. emergency events. The taskforces define emergency response,
or other power consumers on the same power grid. Some
our requested subsidies or grants in the future. This could crisis communication, recovery plans and preventative
of these have resulted in interruptions to TSMC’s operations.
materially increase TSMC’s operating costs and adversely affect It is not expected that other governmental policies or measures based on the thorough analysis of derivative effects
Such shortages or interruptions in electricity supply could
its results of operations. regulatory changes would materially impact TSMC’s operations and alternative solutions to ensure the impacts of people injury,
further be exacerbated by changes in the energy policy of
or financial condition. business interruption, finance are minimized. TSMC reviews
the governments. If TSMC is unable to secure reliable and
Furthermore, the Company’s competitors may, from time to periodically its business continuity plans and refines them to
uninterrupted supply of electricity to power its manufacturing
time, also decide to undertake aggressive pricing initiatives in reflect exercise results and implementation. In response to
fabs, its ability to fill customers’ orders would be jeopardized.
one or several technology nodes. These competitive activities
136 137

--- Page 71 ---

the impact of the earthquakes that occurs in Taiwan, TSMC to add capacity to meet market needs for its products and ● disruptions to the Company’s operations caused by natural with the structural shift to mobile and high performance
continues to improve its earthquake emergency response, tool services, including in Taiwan, in Arizona, U.S., in Nanjing, or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, computing (HPC) devices and applications and software that
anchorage and seismic isolation facilities, and readiness for China and in Kumamoto, Japan. typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic provide the content for such devices.
tool salvage and production recovery. These improvements eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, pandemic, sabotage,
have been integrated into new fab design. TSMC’s business Implementing these capacity expansion plans will increase failure of critical facilities and equipment and shortages in the There are only a limited number of customers who are
continuity procedures were further enhanced through the its costs, and the increases may be substantial. For example, supply of utilities, such as water and electricity; successfully exploiting this new business model paradigm. Also,
compliance with ISO 22301 business continuity management the Company would need to build new facilities, purchase ● scarcity of industrial-use land, which could limit the TSMC has seen the changes of nature in its customers’ business
system (BCMS). additional equipment and hire and train personnel to operate Company’s future expansion of operations; models in response to this new business model paradigm.
the new equipment. If TSMC does not increase its net revenue ● compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, and For example, there is a growing trend toward the system
TSMC maintains a comprehensive risk management system accordingly, its financial performance may be adversely the risk of penalties if the Company’s practices are deemed companies developing their own designed semiconductors and
dedicated to human safety, the conservation of natural affected by these increased costs. not to be in compliance; working directly with semiconductor foundries which makes
resources and the protection of property. In order to ● challenges in managing information technology infrastructure their products and services more marketable in a changing
cope effectively with emergencies and natural disasters, In addition, market conditions are dynamic and TSMC’s market in multiple locations and across different systems and risks consumer market.
management at each facility has developed comprehensive demand forecasts may change significantly at any time. During of our information technology infrastructure succumbing to
plans and procedures that focus on risk prevention, periods of decreased demand, certain manufacturing lines cyberattacks by third parties worldwide; Also, since the global semiconductor industry is becoming
emergency response, crisis management and business or tools in some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities ● adverse changes relating to government grants or other increasingly competitive, some of TSMC’s customers have
continuity. All TSMC manufacturing fabs have been ISO may be suspended or shut down temporarily. However, if government incentives; engaged in industry consolidations in order to remain
14001 certified (environmental management) and ISO 45001 demand subsequently increases rapidly over a short period ● challenges relating to work culture differences and inherent in competitive. Such consolidations have taken the form of
certified (occupational health and safety management). All of time, TSMC may not be able to restore the capacity in efficiently managing an increased number of employees over mergers and acquisitions. If more of TSMC’s major customers
manufacturing fabs in Taiwan have also been TOSHMS (Taiwan a timely manner to take advantage of the upturn. In such large geographic distances; consolidate, this will further decrease the overall number of the
Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certified. circumstances, its financial performance and competitiveness ● limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or Company’s customer pool. In addition, regulatory restrictions,
New fabs will also attain the above certifications within 18 may be adversely affected. difficulties enforcing the Company’s rights to intellectual such as export controls directed at TSMC’s major customers,
months after acquiring factory registration certification. property; and could impact the Company’s ability to supply products to
In order to mitigate the risk associated with capacity expansion, ● exposure to different tax jurisdictions and potential adverse those customers, reduce those customers’ demand for TSMC’s
TSMC and many of its suppliers use flammable and toxic TSMC continuously watches for changes in market conditions tax consequences. products and services and impact their business operations.
materials in their manufacturing processes and are therefore and works closely with its customers. When market demand
subject to risks that cannot be completely eliminated arising is not as expected, the Company tries to adjust its capacity If TSMC is unable to overcome the above challenges, the The loss of, or significant curtailment of purchases by, one or
from explosion, fire, or environmental influences. Although plans in a timely manner to reduce the impact on its financial Company’s business, financial condition and results of more of the Company’s top customers, including curtailments
TSMC maintains multiple layers of risk prevention and performance. operations could be adversely affected. due to increased competitive pressures, industry consolidation,
protection, as well as fire and casualty insurance, TSMC’s changes in applicable regulatory restrictions, product designs,
risk management and insurance coverage may not always Risks Associated with Construction of New Fabs Risks Associated with Sales Concentration manufacturing sourcing or outsourcing policies or practices
be sufficient to cover all of its potential losses. If any of The Company has multiple expansion projects that are currently Over the years, the Company’s customer profile and the of these customers, the timing of customer inventory
TSMC’s fabs or vendor facilities were to be damaged or cease underway, including the design and construction of new fabs nature of the Company’s customers’ business have changed adjustments, or changes in its major customers’ business
operations as a result of an explosion, fire or environmental worldwide. Global expansion has required and will continue to dramatically. While TSMC generates revenue from hundreds models, may adversely affect TSMC’s results of operations and
causes, it could reduce the TSMC’s manufacturing capacity require considerable managerial, financial and other resources. of customers worldwide, TSMC’s ten largest customers in financial condition.
leading to the loss of important sales and customers and have The Company expects to face particular challenges in global 2020, 2021 and 2022 accounted for approximately, 74%,
a negative impact on TSMC’s financial performance. In addition expansion and operations, including but not limited to: 71% and 68% of TSMC’s net revenue in the respective year. Risks Associated with Purchasing Concentration
to periodic fire-protection inspections and firefighting drills, ● higher costs associated with construction of new fabs, TSMC’s largest customer in 2020, 2021 and 2022 accounted ● R aw Materials
TSMC has also carried out a corporate-wide fire risk mitigation establishing supply chains for various materials in different for 25%, 26% and 23% of the Company’s net revenue in the TSMC’s production operations require that it obtain
project focused on managerial and hardware improvements. overseas locations, the impact on the Company’s ability to respective year. TSMC’s second largest customer in 2020 and adequate supplies of raw materials, such as silicon wafers,
sustain its current level of productivity and manufacturing 2021 accounted for 12% and 10% of TSMC’s net revenue in gases, chemicals, and photoresist, on a timely basis and at
TSMC continues to monitor key disruptive threats to its efficiency provided by its ecosystem of interconnected the respective year. In 2022, TSMC’s second largest customer commercially reasonable prices. In the past, shortages in
business operations and adapt the plans to ensure operational semiconductor fabs, employees and suppliers in the R.O.C., accounted for less than 10% of TSMC’s net revenue. the supply of some materials, whether by specific suppliers
resilience. and recruiting and retaining talent in various overseas or by the semiconductor industry generally, have resulted in
locations; A more concentrated customer base will subject TSMC’s occasional industry-wide price adjustments and delivery delays.
Risks Associated with Capacity Expansion ● labor shortages, interruptions in the supply chains for various revenue to seasonal demand fluctuations from the Company’s Moreover, major natural disasters, trade barriers and political
TSMC performs long-term market demand forecasts for its materials, and construction issues, which could substantially large customers, and cause different seasonal patterns in the or economic turmoil, including military conflicts and inflation
products and services to manage its overall capacity. Based delay the completion of the Company’s expansion projects, Company’s business. This customer concentration results in occurring within the country of origin of such raw materials
on its market demand forecasts, the Company has continued and could further result in substantial additional costs or part from the changing dynamics of the electronics industry may also significantly disrupt the availability of such raw
failure to meet its capacity expansion plans;
138 139

--- Page 72 ---

materials or increase their prices. Also, since TSMC procures supply and long delivery cycles. To better manage its supply semiconductors by its customers may infringe their patents patents or other intellectual property rights. These assertions
some of its raw materials from sole-sourced suppliers, there is a chain, the Company evaluates and projects delivery lead times or other intellectual property rights. Because of the nature have at times resulted in litigation by or against the Company
risk that the Company’s needs for such raw materials may not to minimize the impact of supply chain risks on operating of the industry, its market position, and the expansion of its and settlement payments by the Company. Irrespective of the
be met or that back-up supplies may not be readily available. costs. TSMC has also implemented various collaborative manufacturing operations outside of Taiwan, the Company validity of these claims, the Company could incur significant
Importation and domestic production limitations may also limit business models and risk management contingencies with may receive an increased number of such communications costs in the defense thereof or could suffer adverse effects
our ability to obtain adequate supplies of raw materials as well suppliers to ensure supply and shorten the procurement lead in the future. The assertions made and lawsuits initiated by on its operations. The Company is also subject to antitrust
as materials of the necessary quality. In addition, recent trade time. However, if TSMC is unable to acquire in a timely manner litigious, well-funded, non-practicing entities are particularly compliance requirements and scrutiny by governmental
tensions could result in increased prices or even unavailability the equipment and parts it needs, it may fail to successfully aggressive in their monetary demand and in seeking regulators in multiple jurisdictions. Any adverse results of such
of raw materials due to tariffs, export control or other implement capacity expansion plans and exploit time sensitive court-issued injunctions. Such lawsuits and assertions may proceeding or other similar proceedings that may arise in
non-tariff barriers. TSMC’s revenue and earnings could decline business opportunities. Additionally, ongoing trade tensions increase TSMC’s cost of doing business and may potentially those jurisdictions could harm TSMC’s business and distract its
if it is unable to obtain adequate supplies of the necessary raw could result in increased prices for, or even unavailability of, be extremely disruptive if these asserting entities succeed in management, and thereby have a material adverse effect on its
materials in a timely manner or if there are significant increases key equipment, through delay or denial of necessary export blocking the trade of products made and services offered results of operations or prospects, and subject the Company to
in the costs of raw materials. To reduce the supply chain risk licenses, adoption of additional export control measures and by TSMC. Also, with the expansion of its manufacturing potential significant legal liability.
and to manage the cost effectively, TSMC commits resources other tariff or non-tariff barriers. If TSMC is unable to obtain operations into certain non-R.O.C jurisdictions, it has faced
toward developing new supply sources. Further, the Company equipment in a timely fashion to fulfill its customers’ demand increased challenges in managing risks of intellectual property Currently, TSMC’s material legal proceeding is as follows:
continually encourages its suppliers to reduce their supply for technology and production capacity, or unable to do so misappropriation. Despite our efforts to adopt robust measures In September 2022, Daedalus Prime LLC (“Daedalus”) filed
chain risk by decentralizing production plants and to improve at a reasonable cost, its financial condition and results of to mitigate the risk of intellectual property misappropriation complaints in the U.S. International Trade Commission
their cost competitiveness by moving their production facilities operations could be negatively impacted. in such new jurisdictions, we cannot guarantee that the (“ITC”) and the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
to Taiwan from higher-cost areas. protection measures we adopted will be sufficient to prevent Texas alleging that TSMC, TSMC North America, and other
Risks Associated with Intellectual Property Rights us from potential infringements by others, or at all. companies infringe four U.S. patents. The ITC instituted
Given that qualified backup suppliers are hard to find, TSMC The Company’s ability to compete successfully and to achieve an investigation in October 2022. The outcome cannot be
engages early and extensively with primary suppliers on future growth depends in part on the continued strength If the Company fails to obtain or maintain certain technologies determined and we cannot make a reliable estimate of the
managing quality and capacity issues so as to be prepared for of its intellectual property portfolio. While the Company or intellectual property licenses or fails to prevent our contingent liability at this time.
any unexpected need to ramp up or curtail production when actively enforces and protects our intellectual property rights, intellectual property from being misappropriated and, if
the Company lacks sufficient time to re-tune its production there can be no assurance that its efforts will be adequate to litigation relating to alleged intellectual property matters Other than the matter described above, as of the date of this
process. For leading technology nodes, TSMC not only adopts prevent the misappropriation or improper use of its proprietary occurs, it could: (1) prevent the Company from manufacturing Annual Report, TSMC is not currently a party to any other
world-class processes and facilities but also requires world-class technologies, software, trade secrets or know-how. Also, the particular products or selling particular services or applying material legal proceedings.
materials. To streamline supply chain risk, the Company has Company cannot assure you that, as its business or business particular technologies; and (2) reduce our ability to compete
increased supplier site audits and meetings to extend supply models expand into new areas, it will be able to develop effectively against entities benefiting from our misappropriated Risks Associated with Mergers and Acquisitions
chain best practices to its upstream suppliers. In addition, independently the technologies, patents, software, trade intellectual property, which could reduce its opportunities to In 2022 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC had
in response to the rapid increase or decrease in production secrets or know-how necessary to conduct its business or that generate revenue. not conducted any merger or acquisition.
capacity of new products, TSMC has continued to improve it can do so without unknowingly infringing the intellectual
its inventory monitoring system to achieve more accurate property rights of others. As a result, the Company may have The Company has taken related measures to minimize potential Risks Associated with Recruiting Quality Personnel
demand forecasts and ensure that the supply chain maintains to rely on, to a certain degree, licensed technologies and loss of shareholder value arising from intellectual property TSMC relies on the continued service and contribution of
sufficient inventory levels. The Company has established a patent licenses from others. To the extent that the Company claims and litigation filed against it. These measures include: its management team, skilled technical and professional
supply chain risk assessment to ensure that critical suppliers relies on licenses from others, there can be no assurance that strategically obtaining licenses from certain semiconductor personnel. The Company’s business could suffer from
meet various standards in labor, ethics, ESH (environmental, it will be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses in and other technology companies as needed; timely securing the inability to fulfill personnel needs with high quality
safety and health) and BCP (business continuity plan). Onsite the future on terms it considers reasonable or at all. The lack intellectual property rights originating within and outside professionals in a timely fashion caused by the loss of
audits are conducted regularly to encourage suppliers to take of necessary licenses could expose the Company to claims of TSMC for defensive and/or offensive protection of TSMC personnel, talent shortages, illegal talent poaching,
responsibility for their supply chain, as any regulatory violations for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as technology and business; and aggressively defending against immigration controls, or related changes in market demand
or adverse environmental impact event, or failure to meet claims for indemnification by its customers in instances where baseless litigation. for its products and services. Since there is fierce competition
sustainability requirements could result in business reduction or it has contractually agreed to indemnify its customers against for talent recruitment, the Company cannot ensure timely
termination. damages resulting from infringement claims. Risks Associated with Litigious and Non-litigious Matters fulfillment of its personnel demand.
As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor
● Equipment The Company has received, from time to time, communications industry, the Company has received from time to time In order to reduce the risk of talent recruitment challenges,
The Company’s operations and ongoing expansion plans from third parties, including non-practicing entities communications from third parties asserting that its TSMC encourages job rotation and employs an on-the-job
depend on its ability to obtain an appropriate amount of and semiconductor companies, asserting that TSMC’s technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design training and certification system. In this way, employees can
equipment and related services available from a limited number technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design IPs of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those learn and enhance their work efficiency and effectiveness in the
of suppliers. TSMC may encounter the situation of limited of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those semiconductors by its customers may infringe upon their actual workplace. Moreover, TSMC creates multiple recruitment
140 141

--- Page 73 ---

channels and continues to hire various top-notch, talented To promote sustainability, TSMC’s ESG Steering Committee, Risks Regarding Non-Compliance with Export Control, substitute raw materials or chemicals that may cost more or be
professionals from Taiwan and overseas. At the same time, the led by Chairman Dr. Mark Liu, presented the third TSMC ESG Environmental and Climate Change Related Laws, less available for the Company’s operations.
Company continues to expand industry-academic cooperation Award in 2022, honoring internal organizations and divisions Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain
to meet outstanding talented individuals at an early phase in for tangible achievements in the Company’s five ESG strategic Requisite Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business TSMC’s inability to timely obtain approvals necessary for
order to recruit them in the future. directions: Drive Green Manufacturing, Build a Responsible Because TSMC engages in manufacturing activities in multiple the conduct of its business could impair its operational and
Supply Chain, Create a Diverse and Inclusive Workplace, jurisdictions and conducts business with its customers financial results. For example, if the Company is unable to
Future R&D Plans and Expected R&D Spending Develop Talent, and Care For The Disadvantaged. At the located worldwide, such activities are subject to a myriad of timely obtain environmental related approvals needed to
For additional details, see “5.2.7 Future R&D Plans” on page same time, this award presentation encouraged all employees governmental regulations. For example, the manufacturing, undertake the development and construction of a new fab
102 of this Annual Report. to propose new ideas for sustainability to be assessed for assembling and testing of TSMC’s products require the use or expansion project, then such inability may delay, limit, or
feasibility and potential incorporation in the Company’s of equipment that is subject to export control laws and increase the cost of its expansion plans that could also in turn
Changes in Corporate Reputation and Impact on the implementation plans. Compared with 1,257 sustainability regulations, as well as metals, chemicals, and materials that are adversely affect its business and operational results. In light
Company’s Crisis Management proposals in the second year, the third annual ESG Award subject to environmental, climate-related, health and safety, of increased public interest in environmental issues, TSMC’s
TSMC has established an excellent reputation based on its core received 1,880 innovative ideas, adding new energy to the and humanitarian forced labor prohibition and conflict-free operations and expansion plans may be adversely affected or
values of integrity, commitment, innovation and customer Company’s culture of sustainability. sourcing laws, regulations and guidelines issued worldwide. delayed responding to public concern and social environmental
trust. The Company’s positive image also reflects outstanding The Company’s failure to comply with any such laws or pressures even if the Company complies with all applicable
operations, rigorous corporate governance and dedication Mindful of its global reputation, TSMC employs numerous regulations, as amended from time to time, or its failure to laws and regulations.
to sustainable responsibility by serving as a good corporate preventative measures to address potential risks from comply with any information and document sharing requests
citizen. TSMC continues to pursue innovation in economic, earthquakes, fires, IT service disruption, yield loss, information from the relevant authorities in a timely manner could result in: TSMC believes that climate change should be regarded as a
environmental and social dimensions. security, supply chain disruption, pandemics, environmental ● significant penalties and legal liabilities, such as the denial significant corporate risk that must be managed to improve
events, and utility supply disruption. TSMC practices crisis of import or export permits or third party private lawsuits, competitiveness. For TSMC’s climate change related risks
In 2022, TSMC was honored with numerous awards for management and implements recovery measures to deal criminal or administrative proceedings; and control measures, see the Climate Change and Energy
achievements in various areas including operations, corporate with possible crisis events and maintains a crisis command ● the temporary or permanent suspension of production of the Management section under “7.2.1 Environmental Protection”
governance, patents, profit growth, investor relations, center for control guideline and prepares emergency response affected products; on page 156-157 of this Annual Report.
environmental protection, corporate sustainability, and other procedures” to ensure timely and prompt responses during ● the temporary or permanent inability to procure or use
fields. The Company was selected as a part of the Dow Jones a crisis. TSMC also performs regular exercises for crisis certain production critical chemicals or materials; 6.3.4 Financial Risks
Sustainability World Index for the 22nd consecutive year and scenarios to ensure that crisis management procedures are ● unfavorable alterations in TSMC’s manufacturing, fabrication
Economic Risks
received the following awards: the inaugural Honorable comprehensive. and validated. In 2022, TSMC received a rating and assembly and test processes;
Any future systemic political, economic or financial crisis or
Legion of Corporate Sustainability Top 100 launched by of “Low ESG Risk” from the Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings. ● challenges from its customers that place TSMC at a significant
market volatility, including but not limited to interest rate
CommonWealth Magazine the Excellence in Corporate Social competitive disadvantage, such as loss of actual or potential
and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation or deflation
Responsibility Award; the Taiwan Institute for Sustainable TSMC’s environment, safety and health committee holds sales contracts in case the Company is unable to satisfy the
and changes in economic, fiscal and monetary policies in
Energy 2022 Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Awards’ First monthly meetings to coordinate with relevant departments applicable legal standard or customer requirement;
major economies, could cause revenue or profits for the
Place in Taiwan Top Ten Sustainability Exemplary Awards in each fab to conduct emergency response drills and ● restrictions on TSMC’s operations or sales;
semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically,
– the Corporate Sustainability Report Award – the Climate continuously improve their notification and operational ● loss of tax benefits, including termination of current tax
and if the economic conditions or financial conditions of the
Leadership Award, the Circular Economy Leadership Award, procedures to ensure clear channels of communication incentives, disqualification of tax credit application and
Company’s customers were to deteriorate, the demand for its
the Supply Chain Management Award, the Sustainable to stakeholders if a crisis arises, with the public relations repayment of the tax benefits that the Company is not
products and services may decrease and additional accounting
Water Management Award, the Growth Through Innovation division serving as the designated gateway for external entitled to; and
related allowances may be required, which could reduce our
Leadership Award, and the Information Security Leadership communications. ● damages to TSMC’s goodwill and reputation.
operating income and net income. For example, starting in
Award. TSMC ranked in the top 5% in the Taiwan Stock
March 2023, the capital and credit markets have experienced
Exchange corporate governance evaluation. The Company In the event of an emergency, all departments immediately Complying with applicable laws and regulations, such as
volatility and disruption as a result of the failures of Silicon
was named a member of: Fortune Magazine’s 2022 World’s deploy emergency response measures to eliminate or minimize environmental and climate related laws and regulations, could
Valley Bank and Signature Bank as well as UBS’ announced
Most Admired Companies and the Fortune Global 500; the the impact on personnel safety, the surrounding environment, also require TSMC, among other things, to do the following:
acquisition of Credit Suisse. Concerns about the soundness
Corporate Knights Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations and company property and manufacturing operations. (1) purchase, use or install remedial equipment; (2) implement
of the banking system may cause small- and medium-sized
for 2022; and of the 2022 Carbon Clean 200TM list by Responders also alert the public relations division at the earliest remedial programs such as climate change mitigation
banks to tighten their lending to preserve liquidity, which in
Corporate Knights and As You Sow. In addition, TSMC was stages to ensure timely, clear and consistent communication programs; (3) modify its product designs and manufacturing
turn could weigh on economic growth. If such levels of market
selected as part of the Morgan Stanley Capital International All regarding the situation. processes, or incur other significant expenses such as paying
volatility and disruption continue or escalate into systematic
Country World Index (MSCI ACWI) ESG Leaders Index. any incurred carbon fees if the Company’s emission levels
financial crisis or global economic downturn, it could result
Risks Associated with Change in Management exceed applicable thresholds, and obtaining renewable energy
in a number of adverse follow-on effects on TSMC, including
In 2022 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there were sources, renewable energy certificates or carbon credits,
decreased customer demand, delays in the payment of account
no such risks for TSMC.
receivables to us, and insolvency of suppliers or customers.
142 143

--- Page 74 ---

● Interest Rate Fluctuation dollar against the NT dollar would result in an approximately have been implemented since January 1, 2023, pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations issued by the R.O.C. Financial
TSMC is exposed to interest rate risks primarily in relation to its 0.4 percentage point decrease in the Company’s operating which, certain profits retained at a CFC located in a low-tax Supervisory Commission. TSMC’s policies and procedures
investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest margin based on its 2022 results. jurisdiction would be taxable at its parent company in Taiwan. include “Procedures for Financial Derivatives Transactions,”
rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash and On the other hand, effective from January 1, 2023, the “Procedures for Lending Funds to Other Parties,” “Procedures
cash equivalents and fixed income securities, the fair value of Conversely, if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly versus R.O.C. Statute for Industrial Innovation was amended such for Acquisition or Disposal of Assets,” and “Procedures for
those securities, as well as the interest paid on its debt. other major currencies, the demand for the products and that eligible companies that develop innovative technologies Endorsement and Guarantee.”
services of TSMC’s customers and for its goods and services domestically and possess leading position in global supply
The objective of TSMC’s investment policy is to achieve a will likely decrease, which will negatively affect the Company’s chain may claim investment tax credit of 25% on qualified R&D Risks Associated with Impairment Charges
return that will allow the Company to preserve principal and revenue. expenditure and 5% on procurement of machinery/equipment Under Taiwan-IFRSs, TSMC is required to evaluate its tangible
support liquidity requirements. The policy generally requires the for advanced processes over a fiscal year. The Company assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment
Company to invest in investment grade securities and limits the TSMC uses foreign currency derivative contracts, such as anticipates that it will be eligible for these new incentives whenever triggering events or changes in circumstances
amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. TSMC’s cash and currency forwards or currency swaps, to protect against pursuant to the R.O.C. Statute for Industrial Innovation. indicate that the asset may be impaired. If certain criteria are
cash equivalents, as well as fixed income investments in both currency exchange rate risks associated with non-NT-dollar- Additionally, changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions met, TSMC is required to record an impairment charge. TSMC
fixed- and floating-rate securities, carry a degree of interest denominated assets and liabilities and certain forecasted could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting is not able to estimate the extent or timing of any impairment
rate risk. The majority of TSMC’s fixed income investments transactions. These hedges reduce, but do not entirely (BEPS) project that was undertaken by the Organization for charge for future years. Any impairment charge required may
are fixed-rate securities, which are classified as financial assets eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD). These have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income.
at fair value through other comprehensive income, and may movements on its assets and liabilities. changes may increase tax uncertainty and have an adverse
have their fair value adversely affected due to a rise in interest effect on TSMC’s operating results. In order to control tax The determination of an impairment charge at any given
rates. At the same time, if interest rates fall, cash and cash Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar risk, the Company closely monitors all domestic and foreign time is mainly based on the projected results of operations
equivalents as well as floating-rate securities may generate less and the NT dollar may affect the U.S. dollar value of the governmental policies and regulations that might impact its over several years subsequent to that time. Consequently, an
interest income than expected. Company’s common shares and the market price of the financial operations. TSMC has established risk management impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period
Company’s American Depositary Shares (ADSs) as well as any procedures to collect information, analyze potential tax when the Company’s operating results are otherwise already
TSMC has entered and may in the future enter into interest cash dividends paid in NT dollar on TSMC’s common shares implications, and develop countermeasures. depressed. See “Note 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS
rate derivatives to partially hedge interest rate risk on its fixed represented by ADSs. AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND UNCERTAINTY” in
income investments and anticipated debt issuance. However, Risks Associated with External Financing Annual Report section (II), Financial Statements for a discussion
these hedges can offset only a limited portion of the financial ● Inflation In times of market instability, sufficient external financing of how TSMC assesses if an impairment charge is required and,
impact from movements in interest rates. TSMC is subject to the effects of inflation through increases may not be available to the Company on a timely basis, on if so, how the amount is determined.
in the cost of raw materials used to produce our products, commercially reasonable terms to the Company, or at all. If
The majority of TSMC’s long-term debt is fixed-rate and wage expenses and employee benefits, and costs in relation sufficient external financing is not available when TSMC needs 6.3.5 Other Risks
measured at amortized cost and, as such, changes in interest to construction of fabs. Although TSMC does not believe that such financing to meet its capital requirements, the Company
Potential Impact and Risks Associated with Sales of
rates would not affect future cash flows or the carrying inflation has had a material impact on its financial position may be forced to curtail its expansion, modify plans or delay
Significant Numbers of Shares by TSMC’s Directors, and/
amount. or results of operations to date, a high inflation in the future the deployment of new or expanded services until it obtains
or Shareholders Who Own 10% or More of TSMC’s Total
may have an adverse effect on the Company’s ability to such financing.
Outstanding Shares
Certain of TSMC’s fixed income investments are primarily based maintain current levels of profit margin if the selling prices of
The value of TSMC shareholders’ investment may be reduced
on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), which will be its products and services do not increase with these increased Risks Associated with High-Risk/Highly Leveraged
by possible future sales of TSMC shares owned by major
replaced by alternative benchmark rates after June 30, 2023. costs. Investments; Lending, Endorsements, and Guarantees
shareholders.
The transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates might for Other Parties; and Financial Derivative Transactions
result in a reduction in TSMC’s interest income. Amendments to Tax Regulations or Implementation of In 2022 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC made
As of the date of this Annual Report, no single shareholder
New Tax Laws no high-risk or highly leveraged financial investments. All
owned 10% or more of TSMC’s total outstanding shares.
● Foreign Exchange Volatility Any amendments to existing tax regulations or the financial derivative transactions engaged by TSMC were strictly
Substantially all of TSMC’s sales are denominated in U.S. dollars implementation of any new tax laws in the jurisdictions in for hedging and not for trading or speculative purposes. All
Risks of Trade Policies
and over half of its capital expenditures are denominated in which TSMC operates its business may have an adverse effect guarantees and intercompany loans provided by TSMC and
As TSMC’s revenue is primarily derived from sales to major
currencies other than the NT dollar, primarily in U.S. dollars, on its net income. TSMC’s subsidiaries were solely for TSMC and/or TSMC’s
economies in the world (please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position,
Euros and Japanese yen. As a result, any significant fluctuations wholly-owned subsidiaries. All guarantees and intercompany
Differentiation and Strategy” on page 18-20 of this annual
to its disadvantage in the exchange rate of the NT dollar While the Company is subject to tax laws and regulations in loans were in compliance with relevant rules and regulations.
report), any changes in the trade policies (such as the increase
against such currencies, in particular a weakening of the U.S. various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts business,
of tariffs on certain products, the implementation of import
dollar against the NT dollar, would have an adverse impact on TSMC’s principal operations are in the R.O.C. and it is exposed To manage risks of various financial transactions, TSMC has
and export controls, and the adoption of other trade barriers)
the Company’s revenue and operating profit as expressed in NT primarily to taxes levied by the R.O.C. government. The R.O.C. established internal control policies and procedures based on
of such major economies can affect the sales of TSMC or its
dollars. For example, every one percent depreciation of the U.S. Controlled Foreign Company (“CFC”) rules enacted in 2016 sound financial and business practices, all in compliance with
customers and thereby affect TSMC’s operating results.
144 145

--- Page 75 ---

In May 2020 and again in August 2020, the U.S. tightened its TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
export control measures against Huawei Technology Co. Ltd. and measures among the relevant major economies and will
and its affiliates (collectively, “Huawei”), including an expanded take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
license requirement for providing Huawei with items subject subsequent developments.
to the U.S. export control jurisdiction. To comply with relevant
laws and regulations, we have discontinued shipment of Other Material Risks
products to Huawei since September 15, 2020. Since February In 2022 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC’s
2022, there have been expansive measures, including sanctions management was not aware of any other risk that could
and export controls, imposed by several countries and regions potentially have a material impact on the financial status of the
against Russia, including certain individuals and entities, in Company.
connection with the military conflict in Ukraine. In October
2022, the U.S. adopted additional export controls over China
on advanced computing integrated circuits (“ICs”), computer
commodities that contain such ICs, and certain semiconductor
manufacturing items, as well as controls on transactions
involving items for supercomputer and semiconductor
manufacturing end-uses. The new controls add new license
requirements for items destined to a semiconductor fabrication
facility in China that fabricates ICs meeting specified advanced
node parameters as well as U.S. persons’ activities supporting
such facility or semiconductor manufacturing like TSMC,
will be decided on a case-by-case basis. In the same month,
we secured a one-year general authorization from the U.S.
government, which allows us to maintain the Company’s
fab’s operations in Nanjing, China. However, there is no
assurance that we will be able to continue securing such
general authorization on a timely basis or at all. On the other
hand, measures adopted by an affected country to counteract
the impact of another country’s actions or regulations could
lead to significant legal liability to multinational corporations
including our own. For example, in January 2021, China
adopted a blocking statute that, among other matters, entitles
Chinese entities incurring damages from a multinational’s
compliance with foreign laws to seek civil remedies.
Imposition of trade barriers, including protectionist measures,
sanctions and import and export controls, could increase our
manufacturing costs, limit our access to certain supplies, make
our pricing less competitive, and impact the sales of TSMC or
its customers. In 2022 and as of the date of this annual report,
our current results of operations have not been materially
affected. Nevertheless, depending on future developments
of global trade tensions, such relevant regulations, rules, or
measures may have an adverse impact on our business and
operations, and we may incur significant legal liability and
financial losses as a result.
146 147

--- Page 76 ---


--- Page 77 ---

7.1 Overview The Board of Directors supervises and guides the Company’s sustainability management, strategies, and goals. The ESG Committee
Chairperson reports quarterly to the Board of Directors on the implementation of plans and results. In 2022, TSMC focused
As a long-term trusted technology and capacity provider of the global logic IC industry, TSMC is dedicated to environmental, social
primarily on green manufacturing and supply chain management (including net zero emission, renewable energy access and use,
and governance (ESG) issues. The Company collaborates with all stakeholders – employees, shareholders/investors, customers,
and low-carbon value chain management), workplace diversity & inclusion and talent development (including employee resource
suppliers/contractors, government/industry associations and society – to create sustainability value by pursuing three primary
groups, diversity and inclusion practices for R&D talents, Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) programs for
missions: acting with integrity, strengthening environmental protection, and caring for the disadvantaged.
high school girls), sustainability disclosures in sustainability report, theme reports such as TCFD Repot, UN SDGs Action Report and
Materiality Analysis Report, sustainable culture advocacy (i.e., TSMC ESG awards), empowerment projects in remote areas and 2021
Guidance for the Implementation of ESG
ESG spending updates, etc.
In keeping with its vision of Uplifting Society, TSMC’s ESG policy is the overarching guiding principle for sustainable development.
The ESG Matrix, set by TSMC’s founder Dr. Morris Chang, clearly defines the scope of the Company’s ESG responsibility. Echoing the
Stakeholder Engagement
goal of “Bettering the Society,” TSMC strives to demonstrate its ESG commitment in seven areas including morality, business ethics,
TSMC respects all stakeholders’ rights and interests in sustainability issues. The Company thus deploys multiple communication
economy, rule of law, sustainability, work-life balance and happiness, and philanthropy. Actions that TSMC has taken to fulfill these
venues including a dedicated ESG website, ESG mailbox, Investor mailbox, Employee Feedback Channels, Irregular Business Conduct
commitments are integrity, law compliance, anti-corruption/anti-bribery/anti-cronyism, environmental protection/climate control/
Reporting System, and the Supply Chain Worker Grievance Channel, etc. Through identification, prioritization and validation, TSMC
energy conservation, corporate governance, providing well-paying jobs, good shareholder return, employees’ work-life balance,
manages and addresses stakeholders’ concerns.
encouraging innovation and good work environment. TSMC also devotes to social participations through TSMC Charity Foundation
and TSMC Education and Culture Foundation.
Stakeholders and Communication Channels in 2022
TSMC ESG Matrix Stakeholders Communication Channels
Employees ●C orporate intranet (myTSMC), internal emails, and other announcement channels (such as promotion posters at facilities), TSMC Newsletter eSilicon Garden
Society
Work/Life ●H uman resources team
TSMC Morality Business Ethics Economy Rule of Law Sustainability Balance Philanthropy ●E mployee training
Happiness ●C ommunication meetings for various levels of managers and employees; e.g. the executives communication meeting, skip levels and communication meetings in
individual functions/divisions
Integrity V V ●E mployee suggestion channels, such as the Fab Caring Circle, Employee Opinion Box, Wellness Center, wellness website, employee PIP & IT Security mailbox and hot
line, etc.
Law Compliance V
●O mbudsman system, whistleblower reporting system, irregular business conduct reporting system, and sexual harassment investigation committee
Anti-Corruption ●E mployee Opinion Survey on Company Core Values, Employee Engagement Survey, employee pulse surveys and service satisfaction surveys, and employee welfare
Anti-Bribery V V V committee event questionnaire survey
Anti-Cronyism ●S ilicon Garden Meetings (labor-management meetings)
Environmental Protection Shareholders/Investors ●A nnual general meeting of shareholders
Climate Control V V ●Q uarterly earnings conference call
Energy Conservation ●Investor conferences
●F ace-to-face meetings, video conference call and telephone conference call
Corporate Governance V V V ●E mails
●A nnual reports, Sustainability reports, 20-F filings to US SEC
Provide Well-Paying Jobs V V ●M aterial announcements to Taiwan Stock Exchange, and corporate press releases on the Company’s website
Good Shareholder Return V Customers ●C ustomer satisfaction survey
Employees’ Work-Life Balance V
●C ustomer meetings
●C ustomer audits
Encourage Innovation V V ●B usiness and technology assessment
●E mail responses to the issues that customers are concerned
Good Work Environment V
Suppliers/Contractors ●S upplier meetings
TSMC Charity Foundation V V V ●S upply Chain Security Association Meetings
●E nvironmental, Safety, and Health Training Program - Experience Sharing Workshops
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation V V V ●S upplier Ethics and Code of Conduct Promotion
●O n-site consult and audit
●S upply Online 360 - Global responsible supply chain management platform
●S upplier self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ)
ESG Management ●S upplier ethics survey
The ESG Steering Committee is chaired by TSMC’s Chairman, while the Chairperson of the ESG committee serves as Executive
●S upply Chain Worker Grievance Channel
Secretary, and senior executives from a wide variety of functions – all work together to examine ESG material issues in relation to
Government ●O fficial correspondence and visits
●Industry experience and advice sharing, and keynote speeches
the Company’s operations, set the short-, medium- and long-term strategic directions that link to the UN Sustainable Development ●M eetings (such as communication meetings, public hearings, forums, seminars or social gatherings)
●C ommunication platforms of the industry associations and NGOs
Goals (SDGs).
Society ●A rts events in the communities
●S ponsorship of youth development events
●S ponsorship of charity projects and emergency aid
The ESG Committee functions to coordinate and integrate resources, and facilitate the communications among different divisions, ●S ponsorship of non-profit organizations to support educational projects
implementing the resolutions of the Company’s ESG Steering Committee. The ESG Department, on behalf of the ESG Committee,
●P rofessorship endowments and student scholarships at universities
●P roject collaboration and visits
works together with cross-organizational representatives to identify key sustainability issues in relation to the Company’s operations ●S upport of non-profit organizations and institutions via monetary and in-kind donation, as well as providing necessary manpower for a good cause
●V olunteer activities and services
and stakeholders’ concern. Task forces are formed based on various issues to frame adaptive strategies, goals and action plans. The ●T SMC ESG website, newsletters, mailbox and social media (Facebook and LinkedIn page)
●T SMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation websites
committee holds quarterly meetings to track progress and ensure the strategies are implemented effectively in daily operations. ●“ Sending Love” charity platform
150 151

[TABLE START]

Stakeholders	Communication Channels
Society
TSMC	Morality	Business Ethics	Economy	Rule of Law	Sustainability	Work/Life
Balance
Happiness	Philanthropy
	V	V					
				V			
	V	V		V			
				V	V		
		V	V	V			
			V			V	
			V				
						V	
		V	V				
						V	
					V	V	
					V	V	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 78 ---

Responsibilities of ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee Members Being dedicated in driving positive change, TSMC has issued an annual non-financial annual report for the 24th consecutive year
and incorporated stakeholders’ feedback into daily operations. The TSMC Sustainability Report (formerly the Corporate Social
Committee Members Responsibilities Stakeholders
Responsibility Report) aligns with the global sustainability standards and identifies ESG material issues in accordance with Global
Legal Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and Employees
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information Government/Industry Reporting Initiative (GRI). Integrating Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) with ESG management, TSMC demonstrates how the
Associations Company evaluates ESG risk trends and impacts, mitigates accordingly through innovative thinking and practices, and operates
Society (Note)
sustainably at TSMC Taiwan Facilities (headquarters, wafer fabs, back-end packaging fabs, and testing fabs located in Taiwan),
Customer Service Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of Customers
conduct Government/Industry TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc., WaferTech, VisEra and other
Associations
subsidiaries. In addition to GRI, the report also adopts TCFD Recommendations, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
Information Technology and Materials & Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business Employees
Risk Management Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan Shareholders/Investors reporting standards, AA1000 Accountability Principle and is assured by DNV GL Business Assurance Co. Ltd. in accordance with DNV
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors VeriSustainTM protocol, GRI standards, SASB indicators, and TCFD framework.
Government/Industry
Associations
Society TSMC is the only semiconductor company selected for the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indices for the past 22 consecutive years.
Quality and Reliability Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism Customers As a responsible corporate citizen with a strong sense of purpose, TSMC adopts nine UN SDGs based on the Company’s five ESG
Suppliers/Contractors
directions, Drive Green Manufacturing, Build a Responsible Supply Chain, Create a Diverse and Inclusive Workplace, Develop Talent,
Research and Development Innovation management, green products Employees
Customers and Care for the Disadvantaged, sets 2030 long-term goals, and implements approaches accordingly. Anchored in the concept of
Suppliers/Contractors
SDG 17 Partnerships for the Goals, TSMC collaborates with internal and external stakeholders to create sustainable value in ESG
Government/Industry
Associations aspects through mutual dialogue, cooperation and participation.
Business Development Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product Employees
innovations; establishing & promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and Customers
achievements Society
2022 ESG Awards and Ratings
Finance Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy Employees
Shareholders/Investors
Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors Overall ESG Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) ●Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 22nd consecutive year
Government/Industry ●Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index
Associations
MSCI ESG Indexes ●MSCI ACWI ESG Leaders Index component
Investor Relations Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual Shareholders/Investors ●MSCI ESG Research – AAA Ratings
report production ●MSCI ACWI SRI Index component
Operations Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing Customers
●MSCI ACWI Islamic Index component
Shareholders/Investors
●MSCI Emerging Markets ESG Leaders Index
Suppliers/Contractors Sustainalytics ●Company ESG Risk Ratings: Low ESG Risk – Semiconductor Industry
Environment, Safety and Health T
co
SM
ns
C
u m
En
p
v
t
i
i
r
o
o
n
n
e
m
ffi
e
c
n
i
t
e
a
n
l
c
P
y
o
,
l
c
ic
a
y
r b
a
o
n
n
d
e
m
m
a
i
n
ss
a
i
g
o
e
n
m
s a
e
n
n
d
t s
c
y
a
s
r
t
b
em
on
, c
ri
l
g
im
ht
a
s
t e
m
c
a
h
n
a
a
n
g
g
e
e
m
m
en
it
t
ig
,
a
p
t
r
i
o
o
d
n
u
a
c
n
t
d
e n
a
v
d
ir
a
o
p
n
t
m
ion
en
,
t
p
a
o
l
l
r
lu
es
ti
p
o
o
n
n
p
si
r
b
e
i
v
li
e
ty
n
,
t i
r
o
e
n
sp
,
o
en
n
e
se
rg y E
Sh
m
a
p
re
lo
h
y
o
e
l
e
d
s
e rs/Investors
ISS ESG ●“Prime” Rated by ISS ESG Corporate Rating
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for Customers FTSE4Good Index ●FTSE4Good Emerging Index component
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion, Suppliers/Contractors ●FTSE4Good All-World Index component
communication of ESH regulations Government/Industry ●FTSE4Good TIP Taiwan ESG Index component
Associations
Society Corporate Knights ●2022 Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations
Human Resources Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights Employees World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) ●SDG 2000 – The 2,000 Most Influential Companies
Government/Industry
Associations RobecoSAM (S&P Global) ●The Sustainability Yearbook Award 2022 – Bronze Class
Society
CommonWealth Magazine ●Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility Award – Honorable Legion of Corporate Sustainability Top 100
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Cultivate young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture Society
Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy ●Taiwan Top 10 Sustainability Exemplary Awards for the 7th consecutive year
TSMC Charity Foundation Philanthropy, community relations Society ●Corporate Sustainability Report Awards
●Circular Economy Leadership Awards
Public Relations Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations Society ●Information Security Leadership Awards
●Supply Chain Leadership Awards
Note: Society includes community, non-governmental organizations, non-profit organizations and the public. ●Growth Through Innovation Leadership Awards
●Sustainable Water Management Leadership Awards
●Climate Leadership Awards
●English Report – Gold Award (Global Corporate Sustainability Award, GCSA)
Morningstar ●The Best Sustainable Companies to Own in 2022
(Continued)
152 153

[TABLE START]

Committee Members	Responsibilities	Stakeholders
	Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information	
	Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of
conduct	
	Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business
Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan	
	Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism	
	Innovation management, green products	
	Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product
innovations; establishing & promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and
achievements	
	Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy	
	Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual
report production	
	Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing	
	TSMC Environmental Policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion,
communication of ESH regulations	
	Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights	
	Cultivate young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture	
	Philanthropy, community relations	
	Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations	
Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)	
	MSCI ESG Indexes	
	Sustainalytics	
	ISS ESG	
	FTSE4Good Index	
	Corporate Knights	
	World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)	
	RobecoSAM (S&P Global)	
	CommonWealth Magazine	
	Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy	
	Morningstar	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 79 ---

18 months of receiving their facility license. In 2022, all TSMC ad-hoc basis depending on occupational disease cases or
Category Organization Awards and Ratings
fabs in Taiwan completed the renewal of ISO 14001, ISO other issues. The committee members include site directors,
Economy and Governance Institutional Investor Magazine ●Most Honored Company (Technology/Semiconductors) – All-Asia
●Best Overall ESG (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side)- All-Asia 45001, and TOSHMS certificates with three year validity. At managers of safety and health department, and representatives
●Best CEO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best CFO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia the same time, three new fabs, Fab 12 Phase 8, Fab 18B and from wellness, HR and legal affairs divisions. External experts
●Best Investor Relations Program (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best Investor Relations Professional (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia Advanced Backend Fab 6, also passed third-party verification have also been invited to discuss the potential risks of
●Best Investor Relations Team (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia and obtained certificates. occupational diseases in the semiconductor manufacturing
IFI Claims Patent Services ●Ranked as 3rd in 2022 Top 50 US Patent Assignees
process and prevention plans for such diseases. To mitigate
Forbes ●The World’s Top 10 Largest Technology Companies in 2022 To reduce overall environmental, safety and health risks, TSMC health risks to employees, suppliers and contractors in the
●Global 2000
strives for continuous improvement and actively seeks to workplace, TSMC has adopted rigorous safety and health
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) ●FutureBrand Index component
enhance climate-change management, pollution prevention control measures focused on preventing occupational injuries
FORTUNE ●2022 World’s Most Admired Companies
●Fortune Global 500 and control, power and resource conservation, waste reduction and diseases and promoting employee safety, physical and
Brand Finance ●Tech 100 2022 and recycling, safety and health management, and fire and mental health.
Asiamoney ●2022 Asia’s Outstanding Companies – Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment Sector for the 5th consecutive explosion prevention as well as to minimize the impact of
year
earthquake damage. To minimize the supply chain risk and fulfill corporate social
Business Today ●Top 1,000 Enterprises in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China
responsibility, TSMC not only follows ESH best practices
Taiwan Stock Exchange ●Top 5% in Corporate Governance Evaluation of Listed Companies for the 8th consecutive year
In order to meet regulatory and customer requirements for the internally but also strives to improve the ESH performance of its
PricewaterhouseCoopers ●Global Top 100 Companies by Market Capitalization for the 10th consecutive year
management of hazardous materials, TSMC has adopted the suppliers and contractors through audits and counselling.
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan Patent Applications for the 7th consecutive year IECQ QC 080000 hazardous substance process management
Property Office ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan Patent Grants for the 3rd consecutive year
(HSPM) system. All TSMC Fabs have been QC 080000 certified TSMC uses priority work management and self-management
Germany Federal Office for Information Security ●Common Criteria, ISO/IEC 15408- EAL6 Site Certification – Fab 15A
and maintained validity since 2007. Through the establishment to govern services provided by contractors. The Company
Corporate Synergy Development Center ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Gold Tower Award – Fab 2 & Fab 5, Fab 8, Fab 14A, Fab 15B, APTS
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Silver Tower Award – Fab 15B, APTS, Q&R, ACCT of QC 080000, TSMC ensures that its products comply with requires contractors performing level-one high-risk operations
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Best Improvement Innovation Award – Fab 2 & Fab 5, Fab 15B, APTS
international regulatory and customer requirements, including to complete certification for technicians and to establish
Clarivate ●2022 Top 100 Global Innovators
the European Union’s “Restriction of Hazardous Substances their own ISO 45001 safety and health management system.
CommonWealth Magazine ●Top 100 Semiconductor Enterprises
(RoHS) Directive,” the EU’s “Registration, Evaluation, The emphasis on self-management nurtures the sense of
LexisNexis ●Innovation Momentum 2022: The Global Top 100
Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH),” the responsibility, with the goal of promoting safety awareness and
The Asset ●The Asset Triple A Country Awards for Sustainable Finance 2022: Best corporate bond “Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone technical improvement for all contractors in the industry. For
Environment, Safety and Health Corporate Knights & As You Sow ●2022 Carbon Clean 200TM List Layer,” the “halogen-free in electronic products” initiative, onsite contractor personnel, TSMC has standardized courses on
CDP ●2022 CDP Supplier Engagement Leader perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), perfluorooctanoic acid safety and health and increased the frequency of such courses
●Water Security A Ratings
●Climate Change A- Ratings (PFOA) and related substances restriction standards. In to improve training effectiveness and safety awareness. To
Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) ●“Platinum” Class Certification with the Highest Score for the 3rd consecutive year addition, in 2016 TSMC started a project to minimize usage of ensure the Company’s safety protocols are accurately delivered
U.S. Green Building Council ●Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) – “Gold” Class Certification – Fab 18 P4 & P5 Manufacturing the hazardous substance N-methylpyrrolidinone (NMP) and as to contractors on a timely basis, TSMC has established a digital
Facility, Advanced Backend 2C a result by the end of 2022 NMP use in the Company’s Taiwan platform for mutual communication so that onsite operational
Environmental Protection Administration, Executive ●National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award
fabs had been reduced by 97.2% compared to 2016, and risks can be mitigated.
Yuan, R.O.C.
achieved 2022’s 95% reduction goal. TSMC will continue to
Society Forbes ●2022 World’s Best Employers
further reduce NMP usage in its subsidiary fabs. TSMC collaborates with suppliers to manage the sustainability
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, ●National Occupational Safety and Health Award – Enterprise Benchmarking Award
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C. ●Occupational Safety and Health Sustainability Report Award of the supply chain, including formulating supplier
In 2011, TSMC began implementing the ISO 50001 energy sustainability standards, drawing up audit plans, performing
management system for continuous improvement in energy audits and tracking improvements, coaching and training,
7.2 E nvironmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management
conservation. As of 2022, all TSMC and its subsidiaries’ and re-coaching for suppliers with poor performance.
TSMC believes its environmental, safety and health practices must not only meet legal requirements but should also align with manufacturing facilities had received ISO 50001 Energy Strengthening the professional capabilities of suppliers in
internationally recognized best practices. The Company’s ESH policies aim to achieve “zero incidents” and “environmental Management System certification except for one. The environmental protection, safety and health, fire response,
sustainability” and to make TSMC a world-class organization in environmental, safety and health management. The Company’s Company’s WaferTech subsidiary in the U.S. was originally and carbon inventory were key focuses in 2022, as the
strategies for attaining these goals are to comply with regulations, promote safety and health, strengthen recycling and pollution scheduled to receive this certification in 2021 but it has been Company held the environmental protection, safety and health
prevention, manage ESH risks, instill an ESH culture, establish a green supply chain, and fulfill its related corporate social postponed to 2023 due to the impact of the COVID-19 workshops (56 participants from 50 suppliers), fire emergency
responsibilities. pandemic. response workshops (58 participants from 50 suppliers),
and product carbon footprint inventory workshop (24
All TSMC and its subsidiaries’ manufacturing facilities have received ISO 14001: 2015 certification for environmental management Aiming to establish the healthiest possible workplace, in 2017 participants from 20 suppliers). In addition, for the past seven
systems and ISO 45001: 2018 certification for occupational safety and health management systems. TSMC and its subsidiaries’ fabs TSMC formed a corporate-level health promotion committee years suppliers have been invited to observe TSMC’s annual
in Taiwan have each been certified by the Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management System (TOSHMS). All the above led by managers at the vice president level to meet on an emergency response drills (166 participants from 161 suppliers)
certifications are maintained valid. Per TSMC policy, all new facilities are required to attain the aforementioned certifications within
154 155

[TABLE START]

Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Institutional Investor Magazine	
	IFI Claims Patent Services	
	Forbes	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)	
	FORTUNE	
	Brand Finance	
	Asiamoney	
	Business Today	
	Taiwan Stock Exchange	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual
Property Office	
	Germany Federal Office for Information Security	
	Corporate Synergy Development Center	
	Clarivate	
	CommonWealth Magazine	
	LexisNexis	
	The Asset	
	Corporate Knights & As You Sow	
	CDP	
	Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS)	
	U.S. Green Building Council	
	Environmental Protection Administration, Executive
Yuan, R.O.C.	
	Forbes	
	Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C.	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 80 ---

and the Company’s environmental, safety and health sustainability forum focused on successful case sharing (354 participants from
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2022 Actions
116 suppliers). TSMC also conducts environmental, safety and health audits at suppliers’ manufacturing sites and actively assists
Uncertainty of Rising electricity consumption in Construct green buildings Lower utility costs Received six green building certifications
suppliers in improving their ESH performance. Finally, the Company requests that suppliers conduct a carbon emissions inventory Development of New advanced technology production
Energy Saving Technology lines increases production costs
and encourages them to implement measures to save energy, reduce carbon emissions, conserve water and reduce waste.
Impact on the Company’s Inability to satisfy the expectations Improve the Company’s reputation Upgrade TSMC performance ●Led the industry as the only semiconductor company
Reputation of stakeholders, negatively in stakeholders’ sustainability chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for
impacting the Company’s ranking the 22nd consecutive year
7.2.1 Environmental Protection
reputation ●Ranked as CDP A- list on climate and A list on water
security (Leadership)
Climate Change and Energy Management Drought (TSMC Operation) Production negatively affected, Increase resilience and ability to cope Strengthen resilience in coping ●Raised the building base of Fab 18 Phase 6 and Phase 7
● Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Drought (Supply Chain) c d a e u cr s e in a g se fi i n n a r n e c v i e a n l u lo e sses and a with natural disasters w lo i w th e r c l r i i m sk a o te f o ch p a e n ra g t e io i n m s p act, ● t F w ab o 1 m 8 e P te h r a s s h e ig 6 h a e n r d Phase 7 committed to using and
In view of the potential financial risks of climate change on operations, in 2018 TSMC adopted TCFD recommendations released by disruption, and reduce potential developing reclaimed water
Flooding (TSMC Operation) losses ●Required suppliers to assess drought and flooding risk in
the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to identify risks and opportunities and further establish metrics and target management based on operating facilities and implement related risk reduction
Flooding (Supply Chain) actions
the results identified.
●Implemented drills based on drought emergency
procedures
Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Rising Temperatures Increase in electricity consumption, Strive for low-carbon, green Save energy and cut costs Conserved 700 GWh of electricity through energy-saving
cost, and carbon emissions manufacturing projects
Category Management Strategy and Actions
Governance Board of Directors periodically reviews climate change related risks and opportunities Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management
●ESG steering committee led by the Chairman is the Company’s top organization dealing with climate change management. The chairperson of ESG committee serves as the
executive secretary. The ESG steering committee reviews TSMC’s climate change strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors. In response to threats presented by extreme weather, TSMC sets strategies and targets, ensures sound execution and strives to build
●The energy and carbon reduction committee, led by the vice president of fab operations, deals with action implementation on climate change risks and opportunities at TSMC. This
committee develops management plans, reviews the execution status and discusses future plans on a quarterly basis. a sustainable culture. In 2021, TSMC announced its long-term goal of net zero emissions by 2050, while setting the short-term goal
Strategy Identify short-, medium- and long-term climate risks and opportunities through cross-departmental discussion of zero growth in emissions by 2025. By actively implementing emission reduction measures, the Company is working to return its
Use scenario analysis to assess the potential operational and financial impact of significant climate risks and opportunities to the Company carbon emissions to 2020 levels by 2030. TSMC remains committed to becoming a global leader in green manufacturing.
Promote low carbon manufacturing to approach net zero emissions and strengthen climate resilience
Enhance suppliers’ awareness and responsiveness to climate risks through counseling and promote their active carbon reduction efforts TSMC actively participates in the initiatives of the World Semiconductor Council (WSC) and has leveraged its past experience
Risk Management Use the TCFD framework to establish TSMC’s climate risk identification process to develop best practices to reduce perfluorinated compounds (PFC) emissions, measures that have been fully adopted
Follow the risk identification and ranking on climate change to develop relevant responding projects and implemented since 2012. In 2013, in accordance with the “EPA Early Actions for Carbon Credit of Greenhouse Gases
Integrate climate risk identification and assessment into the enterprise risk management (ERM) process Reduction” regulation, TSMC applied for recognition of GHG reduction from 2005 to 2011 and received 5.28 million tons
Metrics and Targets Set management metrics related to climate change of carbon dioxide credits in 2015. Those carbon credits can be used to offset GHG emissions of new manufacturing facilities
Develop carbon emission reduction targets for TSMC and its suppliers and regularly review the progress on achieving the targets regulated by Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) Act, which can support the Company’s sustainable operations and mitigate
climate-change risk.
Financial Impact Analysis of Climate Risks and Opportunities
Since 2005, TSMC has completed the GHG inventory program and taken a complete inventory of its GHG emissions to gain ISO
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2022 Actions 14064 certification. The inventory shows that the major direct GHG emissions are PFCs, which are widely used in the semiconductor
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Restrictions on capacity expansion, ●Participation in renewable energy Early purchases of renewable ●Power purchasing agreements for renewable energy manufacturing process. The primary indirect GHG emission is electricity consumption. The analysis of the inventory data is not only
Emissions Cap and Carbon increases in operation costs plans energy, successfully increasing totaled 2.9 GW (Gigawatts)
Tax/Carbon Fee ●Participation in carbon trading production capacity ●Used 2,190 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the to meet domestic regulatory reporting requirements but also to serve as a baseline reference for the Company’s strategy to reduce
market proportion of renewable energy use to 10.4% GHG emissions. Since 2005, TSMC has also participated in the international disclosure and rating agency – CDP to publicly disclose
●Achieved 100% of renewable energy used in overseas
subsidiaries and offices for the fifth consecutive year climate change information for 18 consecutive years and to continuously review and improve related management practices.
●Purchased 350,000 tons of carbon credits to achieve net
zero emissions from overseas plants
Trend to Net Zero Emission ●Increased cost of installation and Win public recognition and carbon Accumulate carbon credits in ●Received carbon credit for fluorinated-GHG and nitrous In response to the commitment of global climate summit “Paris Agreement” and the Republic of China’s “Greenhouse Gas
operation of carbon reduction emissions offset cooperation preparation for future carbon oxide reduction offset project about 600k ton
Reduction and Management Act” promulgated in 2015, TSMC initiated a cross-functional platform for carbon management in
equipment emissions offset ●100% use of carbon neutral natural gas from Chinese
●Increased cost of purchasing Petroleum Corporation in TSMC Taiwan fabs 2016. The three areas of focus of this platform are legal compliance, emission reduction, and carbon credit acquisition. In addition
carbon offset products ●TSMC global offices used carbon credits to achieve net
zero emissions to participating in official regulatory consultation and communications meetings, the Company also sets short-, medium- and
Develop low-carbon product services Satisfy customers’ needs for Developed energy saving products for the 5nm, 3nm and long-term reduction targets through the energy and carbon reduction committee led by the fab operations vice president. The
to improve product energy efficiency energy-saving products and more advanced manufacturing process
increase revenue measures are carried out by energy and carbon reduction teams of individual fabs. Because more than 75% of TSMC’s GHG
Commitment of The development of advanced Use reclaimed water Smooth construction of TSMC reclaimed water plant in Southern Taiwan Science emissions come from electricity consumption, the Company emphasizes energy conservation and carbon reduction initiatives. TSMC
Environmental Impact technologies potentially hampered advanced production lines Park began to operate
has not only implemented energy-conserving designs in its manufacturing fabs and offices but has also continuously improved the
Assessment (EIA) by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water energy efficiency in operating its facilities. These efforts simultaneously reduce carbon dioxide gas emissions and costs. As a result,
(Continued) TSMC has conserved 3.1 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of power since 2016. In February 2023, Taiwan renamed the “Greenhouse
156 157

[TABLE START]

Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2022 Actions
	Rising electricity consumption in
advanced technology production
lines increases production costs	Construct green buildings	Lower utility costs	
	Inability to satisfy the expectations
of stakeholders, negatively
impacting the Company’s
reputation	Improve the Company’s reputation	Upgrade TSMC performance
in stakeholders’ sustainability
ranking	
	Production negatively affected,
causing financial losses and a
decrease in revenue	Increase resilience and ability to cope
with natural disasters	Strengthen resilience in coping
with climate change impact,
lower risk of operations
disruption, and reduce potential
losses	
	Increase in electricity consumption,
cost, and carbon emissions	Strive for low-carbon, green
manufacturing	Save energy and cut costs	
Category	Management Strategy and Actions
Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2022 Actions
	Restrictions on capacity expansion,
increases in operation costs	●Participation in renewable energy
plans
●Participation in carbon trading
market	Early purchases of renewable
energy, successfully increasing
production capacity	
	●Increased cost of installation and
operation of carbon reduction
equipment
●Increased cost of purchasing
carbon offset products	Win public recognition and carbon
emissions offset cooperation	Accumulate carbon credits in
preparation for future carbon
emissions offset	
		Develop low-carbon product services
to improve product energy efficiency	Satisfy customers’ needs for
energy-saving products and
increase revenue	
	The development of advanced
technologies potentially hampered
by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water	Use reclaimed water	Smooth construction of
advanced production lines	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 81 ---

Gas Reduction and Management Act” to the “Climate Change Response Act” and amended the provisions. Relevant laws and TSMC GHG Reduction Target and Achievement Status Since water resources are restricted by geographical conditions,
regulations will be formulated in the future. TSMC will continue to pay attention to and evaluate the company’s impact, so as to TSMC shares its water saving experience and expertise with
2022 Target and Achievement
respond early. Strategy 2030 Goal Achievement Status other semiconductor companies through the Association of
Continue to use Reduce GHG emissions Reduced GHG emissions Achieved Science-Based Industrial Park to promote water conservation in
best available per unit product per unit product
From 2015 to 2017, TSMC voluntarily participated in the R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs’ green power purchasing program order to achieve Science Park’s goals and ensure a long-term
technology to (metric ton of carbon (metric ton of carbon
and became the largest buyer in Taiwan, purchasing 400 million kilowatt hours (kWh) of green power. Although the Taiwan reduce emissions of dioxide equivalent dioxide equivalent balance of supply and demand. In addition, TSMC has
GHG and become (MTCO2e)/12-inch (MTCO2e)/12-inch
Power Company stopped selling green power in 2018, TSMC still aggressively negotiates the purchase of renewable energy with an industry leader equivalent wafer mask equivalent wafer mask committed to further recycling water resources and supporting
in low-carbon layer) by 30% (Base layer) by 6% (Target:
other suppliers in Taiwan. Targeting a long-term commitment of 100% renewable energy, TSMC has committed to achieving 40% manufacturing year: 2010) 6%) the government policy and promotion of reclaimed water.
renewable energy by 2030. Since 2018, the overseas manufacturing fabs and offices have purchased renewable energy, REC and TSMC’s Southern Taiwan Science Park Reclaimed Water Plant
carbon credits to offset all carbon emissions caused by power consumption. All TSMC overseas sites achieved zero carbon emission Air and Water Pollution Control began operation on September 19, 2022, the first private
of electricity consumption in 2022 again. TSMC also used carbon credits to offset carbon emissions of natural gas consumption The Company has installed effective air and water pollution reclaimed water plant in Taiwan. Introducing reclaimed
in kitchens, achieving the milestone of net zero emissions for TSMC global offices. Although development of renewable energy control equipment in each wafer fab to meet regulatory water into the manufacturing process is pioneering work in
in Taiwan is in an early stage, TSMC has established a renewable energy task force and continues to communicate closely with emissions standards. In addition, TSMC maintains backup the semiconductor industry. TSMC promises to continue to
government through the Association of Science Park Industries and Taiwan Semiconductor Industry Association. The Company has pollution control systems, including emergency power increase the utilization of reclaimed water in newly constructed
made recommendations to the government in the hope that the collaboration would speed up renewable energy development supplies, to lower the risk of pollutant emissions in the event fabs in the future.
in Taiwan. The recommendations include expanding the development of offshore wind power and increasing the supply of the of equipment failure. The Company centrally monitors the
renewable energy trading platform. TSMC continues to find renewable energy. By the end of 2022, the total installation capacity operations of its air and water pollution control equipment 24 To further enhance water resources management, TSMC has
of renewable energy contracted reached 2.9 GW (Gigawatts). The renewable energy will be provided to TSMC gradually after the hours a day by rotating staff and treats system effectiveness as adopted and followed the Alliance for Water Stewardship
related business process has been completed. This is a clear manifestation of the Company’s active support of the UN Sustainable an important tracking item to ensure the quality of emitted air (AWS) standard, the world’s only sustainable water
Development Goals (SDGs). and discharged water. management standard. Early in 2022, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, Fab
5, located in Hsinchu Science Park, and Advanced Backend Fab
In 2020 TSMC became the first semiconductor company to join RE100 (the global corporate renewable energy initiative) and TSMC uses an intranet website to collect and measure water 3 in Longtan Science Park passed a third-party verification audit
pledged that power consumption of all the Company’s manufacturing plants and offices will be 100% supplied from renewable recycling volumes company-wide. To make the most effective and also obtained AWS platinum level certification. TSMC’s
energy by 2050. use of Taiwan’s limited water resources, all TSMC fabs strive advanced product fabs in Taiwan’s three major Science Parks
to increase water reclamation by adjusting the water usage have all achieved AWS platinum certification. TSMC is the
TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years of manufacturing equipment and improving wastewater world’s first to do so in the semiconductor industry.
Unit: Metric ton CO2 equivalent reclamation. The long-term target is a 30% decrease by
Scope 1 Scope 2 2030. By 2022, TSMC’s unit product water consumption TSMC Water Usage in Recent Two Years
Year Scope Total Emissions Intensity (Metric Total Emissions Intensity (Metric Verification Party Verification Status had decreased by 2.6% from 2010 levels. Challenges in Total Water Usage (m3) Unit Product Water Usage
(Metric Ton CO2e) Ton CO2e / K NTD) (Metric Ton CO2e) Ton CO2e / K NTD)
2022 included new wafer fab (Fab 18B), which was in the
Year
(Note 1) (L/12-inch wafer-e-layer)
2022 Parent Company 1,669,738 0.0007 9,540,171 0.0042 DNV Under Verification process of setting up, so water conservation rate decreased 2022 104,681,272 137.3
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. 5,845 0.0006 29,683 0.0033 DNV Under Verification as the production line was still in the testing stage and
2021 82,674,982 119.7
TSMC China Company Limited 187,181 0.0066 0 0 DNV Under Verification production had not yet reached economic scale. Excluding
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited 46,209 0.0011 0 0 DNV Under Verification the aforementioned new wafer fab, the Company’s water
TSMC Water Usage Reduction Target and Achievement
WaferTech, LLC 109,784 0.0107 0 0 AWN Under Verification consumption per unit of product decreased by 15.6%
Status
compared with the base year, and the annual target was
2021 Parent Company 1,808,427 0.0011 8,116,439 0.0052 DNV Reasonable Assurance
achieved. All TSMC fabs meet or exceed the process water
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. 7,282 0.0008 39,057 0.0043 DNV Reasonable Assurance Strategy 2030 Goal 2022 Target and Achievement
reclamation rate standard of the Science Park Administration. Achievement Status
TSMC China Company Limited 196,834 0.0093 0 0 DNV Reasonable Assurance
Some fabs are able to reclaim more than 90% of process Enforce climate Reduce unit water Reduced unit water Unachieved
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited 29,778 0.0011 0 0 DNV Reasonable Assurance change mitigation consumption (liter/12- consumption by 2.6% (Note 2)
water, outperforming most semiconductor fabs around policies, implement inch equivalent wafer (Target: 16%)
WaferTech, LLC 105,346 0.0136 0 0 AWN Limited Assurance water conservation mask layer) by 30%
the world. The Company also makes every effort to reduce and water shortage (Base year: 2010)
Note 1: GHG includes CO2, CH4, N2O, HCFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3 non-manufacturing-related water consumption, including adaptation
Note 2: S cope 1: D irect emissions, i.e. sources owned or controlled by the Company; according to the 2019 Refinement to the Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gases Inventories of the United Nations; and use the measures
Global Warming Potential (GWP) referring to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) AR5 for calculation water used in air conditioning systems, sanitary facilities, wall
Scope 2: Indirect emissions, i.e. those arising from externally purchased electricity, heat or steam. The calculation is according to market-based method. Note 1: Includes TSMC fabs in Taiwan and Subsidiaries
cleaning and landscaping activities and in kitchens. Note 2: E xcluding the impact of new plants (Fab 18B) not yet optimized, TSMC reduced water
consumption per unit of product by 15.6%.
158 159

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2022 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce GHG emissions
per unit product
(metric ton of carbon
dioxide equivalent
(MTCO2e)/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer) by 30% (Base
year: 2010)	Reduced GHG emissions
per unit product
(metric ton of carbon
dioxide equivalent
(MTCO2e)/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer) by 6% (Target:
6%)	
Year	Scope	Scope 1		Scope 2		Verification Party	Verification Status
		Total Emissions
(Metric Ton CO2e)	Intensity (Metric
Ton CO2e / K NTD)	Total Emissions
(Metric Ton CO2e)	Intensity (Metric
Ton CO2e / K NTD)		
	Parent Company	1,669,738	0.0007	9,540,171	0.0042	DNV	
	VisEra Technologies Company Ltd.	5,845	0.0006	29,683	0.0033	DNV	
	TSMC China Company Limited	187,181	0.0066	0	0	DNV	
	TSMC Nanjing Company Limited	46,209	0.0011	0	0	DNV	
	WaferTech, LLC	109,784	0.0107	0	0	AWN	
	Parent Company	1,808,427	0.0011	8,116,439	0.0052	DNV	
	VisEra Technologies Company Ltd.	7,282	0.0008	39,057	0.0043	DNV	
	TSMC China Company Limited	196,834	0.0093	0	0	DNV	
	TSMC Nanjing Company Limited	29,778	0.0011	0	0	DNV	
	WaferTech, LLC	105,346	0.0136	0	0	AWN	
Year	Total Water Usage (m3)
(Note 1)	Unit Product Water Usage
(L/12-inch wafer-e-layer)
	104,681,272	
	82,674,982	
Strategy	2030 Goal	2022 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce unit water
consumption (liter/12-
inch equivalent wafer
mask layer) by 30%
(Base year: 2010)	Reduced unit water
consumption by 2.6%
(Target: 16%)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 82 ---

Waste Management and Recycling TSMC Waste Reduction Target and Achievement Status benefit evaluation calculates cost savings for energy conservation, water or waste reductions and recycling benefits in accordance
In recent years, as TSMC continued to develop advanced with its environmental protection programs. The benefits disclosed in this report include real income from projects such as waste
2022 Target and Achievement
processes and expand capacity rapidly both at home in Taiwan Strategy 2030 Goal Achievement Status recycling and savings from major environmental projects. In 2022, the total benefits of environmental protection programs of TSMC
and overseas, waste production has increased due to the Promote waste Outsourced unit waste Outsourced unit waste Exceeded fabs including waste recycling exceeded NT$3,720 million.
reduction by source disposal per wafer disposal per wafer 0.99
complexity of new process development, demand for reliable
separation and ≦0.50 (kg/12-inch (kg/12-inch equivalent
yield rates, and increasing use of raw materials. require vendors to equivalent wafer mask wafer mask layer) 2022 Environmental Cost of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
provide low chemical layer) (Target: ≦0.99%)
consumption Unit: NT$ thousands
equipment
To achieve the goal of sustainable resource utilization, TSMC Classification Description Expense Investment
has a designated unit responsible for waste recycling and 1. Direct Costs for Reducing Environmental Impact
disposal. The priorities are process waste reduction, onsite In order to ensure that all waste is treated and recycled (1) Pollution Control Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others 9,210,702 9,251,097
and offsite recycling and regeneration, with incineration and properly, TSMC closely tracks the recycling and reuse practices
(2) Resource Conservation Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation 0 4,127,825
landfill as least desirable final options. In 2017, TSMC amended of its cleanup and disposal vendors. The Company carefully
(3) Energy Conservation Costs for electricity consumption saving 0 1,349,951
its articles of incorporation to add four business items for selects waste disposal and recycling vendors that have
(4) GHG Reduction Include: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for 1,369,799 6,134,888
chemical materials to ensure waste flow and reduce risks of certificates and permits, regularly checks the onsite operational purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct GHG emissions reduction
improper waste disposal by commissioned agencies. It also status, disposal declaration forms, operational records, etc.,
(5) Industrial Waste Disposal and Recycling Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill) 3,528,155 0
set up onsite resource activation facilities to convert waste compares with actual reuse and disposal, and takes proactive
2. Indirect Costs for Reducing Environmental (1) Cost of training 597,111 817,235
resources produced by processing activities into products to steps to strengthen vendor auditing. For example, all waste
Impact (Environmental Managerial Costs) (2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
be used onsite or to sell to other factories. In 2021, TSMC transportation contractors have agreed to join the GPS Satellite (3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
recycled waste copper sulfate, cobalt-containing liquid, waste Fleet so that the cleanup transportation routes and abnormal (5) Environmental protection organization fees
sulfuric acid and waste ammonium sulfate, all of which were stays for all trucks can be traced. All waste recycling and 3. Other Environmental Costs (1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation 0 0
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
regenerated into products. The Company also developed the disposal vendors have installed closed-circuit TV systems at (3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
system of cryolite synthesis whereby waste hydrogen fluoride operating sites to monitor and audit waste handling. At the lawsuits
(HF) is recycled and regenerated into raw material used in same time, to further guarantee proper waste handling, TSMC Total 14,705,767 21,680,996
other industries. As a result, the Company has become a leader built the system of waste intelligent fast track (S.W.I.F.T) and
in waste resources regeneration. In 2022, TSMC became the completed five different types of waste treatment vendors
2022 Environmental Efficiency of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
first company in the semiconductor industry to use anaerobic for pilot testing in 2022. TSMC intends to roll out SWIFT
Unit: NT$ thousands
digestion technology to reuse organic sludge in order to to all waste treatment vendors in 2025. By using Artificial
Category Description Efficiency
generate green electricity and implement green manufacturing. Intelligent technology replacing in-person on-site spot checks,
1. Cost Savings of Environmental Protection Energy savings 1,735,282
At the same time, TSMC’s fabs in Taiwan achieved a 95% the Company increases inspections efficiency by 65 times Projects
Water savings 41,845
waste recycling rate for the eighth consecutive year, with and reduces manual inspection by 13,000 hours each year.
Waste reduction 1,102,000
a landfill rate below 1% for the thirteenth consecutive In addition, TSMC also conducts ongoing surveys of recycled
2. Economic Efficiency for Industrial Waste Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals, 844,000
year. Furthermore, Fab 12 earned the platinum UL 2799 product tracking and requires all recycling contractors to report
Recycling plastics, and other waste
certification, the highest grade for zero landfill in 2021. All their recycled product sales monthly to track waste flow and
Total 3,723,127
TSMC facilities in Taiwan plan to obtain UL 2799 certification ensure that actions are taken to adhere to lawful and proper
in 2023. waste recycling and treatment.
Green Building and Green Factory
Since 2006, TSMC has adopted standards from both the Taiwan Green Building and the U.S. Green Building Council – Leadership
TSMC Waste Quantity and Outsourced Unit Waste Environmental Accounting
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) for new fab and office building designs to achieve better energy and resource efficiency
Disposal in Recent Two Years (Note 1) The purpose of TSMC’s environmental accounting system
than conventional designs. The Company has also continued to upgrade existing office buildings to comply with the LEED standard
is to identify and quantify environmental costs for internal
Outsourced Unit each year. From 2008 to 2022, 40 of TSMC’s fabs and office buildings achieved LEED certifications: three platinum and 37 gold.
Waste Disposal management. At the same time, the Company also evaluates
Outsourced Outsourced
Year General Waste Hazardous Waste (kg ( / N 12 o - t i e n c 3 h ) the savings or economic benefits of environmental protection During this time, the Company also received six Taiwan Intelligent Building diamond-class certifications and 28 Taiwan Ecology,
(ton) (Note 2) (ton) (Note 2)
equivalent wafer Energy saving, Waste reduction and Health (EEWH) certifications: 21 diamond, five gold and two silver. Since 2009, the Company
mask layer) programs so as to continuously promote economically effective
has been a leading supporter of the Taiwan government’s Green Factory Label standard, including the Clean Production and Factory
programs. While environmental expenses are expected to
2022 342,804 401,215 0.99
Green Building evaluation systems. TSMC received Taiwan’s first Green Factory Label and 14 labels in total as of the end of 2022
continue to rise, environmental accounting can help manage
2021 335,080 339,623 0.99 and is the most awarded company in Taiwan.
these costs more effectively. TSMC’s environmental accounting
Note 1: T he data in the table are preliminary results collected by TSMC and have not yet been verified
by a third party measures various environmental costs, establishes independent
Note 2: Totals include Taiwan and subsidiary facilities Environmental Audit Results in Violation of Environmental Regulations
Note 3: Taiwan facilities environmental account codes, and provides the data to all
In 2022 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC has had no environmental regulation violations.
units for use in annual budgeting. The Company’s economic
160 161

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2022 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Outsourced unit waste
disposal per wafer
≦0.50 (kg/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer)	Outsourced unit waste
disposal per wafer 0.99
(kg/12-inch equivalent
wafer mask layer)
(Target: ≦0.99%)	
Classification	Description	Expense	Investment
Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others	9,210,702
Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation	0
Costs for electricity consumption saving	0
Include: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for
purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct GHG emissions reduction	1,369,799
Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill)	3,528,155
(1) Cost of training
(2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees	597,111
(1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
lawsuits	0
	14,705,767
Category	Description	Efficiency
	Energy savings	
	Water savings	
	Waste reduction	
	Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals,
plastics, and other waste	
Year	Outsourced
General Waste
(ton) (Note 2)	Outsourced
Hazardous Waste
(ton) (Note 2)	Outsourced Unit
Waste Disposal
(Note 3)
(kg/12-inch
equivalent wafer
mask layer)
	342,804	401,215	
	335,080	339,623	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 83 ---

7.2.2 Sustainable Products line widths shrink, making transistors smaller and reducing Chip Total Power Consumption include FinFET-based 12-nanometer technology, N12eTM,
product power consumption for completing the same tasks Cross-Technology Comparison featuring energy efficiency with high performance that
TSMC collaborates with its upstream material and equipment or achieving the same level of performance. In addition, More power is saved as line width shrinks results in more computing power and AI inferencing, 22nm
suppliers, design ecosystem partners and downstream assembly
calculations using the Industry, Science, and Technology Ultra-low leakage (ULL), 28nm ULP, 40nm ULP, and 55nm
and testing service providers to minimize environmental
International Strategy Center’s model reveal that in 2020 ULP, which have been widely adopted by various edge AI
impact. Reducing the resources and energy consumed for each
TSMC helped the world conserve 4 kWh of energy for system-on-a-chip (SoC), battery-powered applications. TSMC
unit of production allows the Company to provide customers
each 1 kWh spent in production – a testimony to TSMC’s has also extended its low Vdd offerings with simulation
with more advanced, power efficient, and ecologically sound
commitment to green manufacturing both internally and program with integrated circuit emphasis (SPICE) models with
products. These include ultra-low power (ULP) and low
externally. (Please refer to “Sustainable Products by TSMC a wide-range of operating voltages for extreme low-power
operating voltage (low Vdd) chips for wearables and IoT
Facilitates Global Energy Conservation” on page 11 of TSMC’s applications.
devices, low-power chips for mobile devices, high-efficiency
2020 Corporate Social Responsibility Report.)
LED driver chips for flat panel display backlighting, indoor/
● As TSMC quickly ramped up its 7nm and newer generation 4. D evelop Greener Manufacturing to Lower Energy
outdoor solid state LED lighting, Energy Star certified low
technologies, combined wafer revenue contribution grew Consumption
standby AC-DC adaptor chips, high-efficiency DC brushless
significantly from 9% in 2018 to 53% in 2022. TSMC’s ● T SMC continues to develop more advanced and efficient
motor chips, electric vehicle chips and low-power server chips.
objective is to continue R&D investment and increase wafer technologies to reduce energy/resource consumption and
By leveraging TSMC’s superior energy-efficient technologies,
revenue contribution in 7nm and beyond technologies, pollution per unit during the manufacturing process, as well
0.034 0.022 0.015
these chips support sustainable city infrastructure, greener
helping the Company achieve both profitable growth and 1 0.6 0.3 0.07 0.056 as power consumption and pollution during product use.
vehicles, smart grids, more energy efficient servers and
sustainability. N55LP N40LP N28HPM 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm In each new technology generation, circuitry line widths
data centers and other applications. In addition to helping (1.2V) (1.1V) (0.9V) 12FFC (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V)
shrink, making chips smaller for the same circuit designs
(0.8V)
customers design low power, high performance products to
TSMC Wafer Revenue Contribution from 7nm and Beyond Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was and lowering the energy and raw materials consumed
reduce resource consumption over the product’s life cycle,
Technologies re-aligned. for per chip in manufacturing. In addition, the Company
TSMC’s green manufacturing practices provide further green
continuously provides process simplification and new design
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
value to customers and other stakeholders. 2. P rovide Customers Leading Power Management IC methodology based on its manufacturing excellence to
9% 27% 41% 50% 53%
Process with the Highest Efficiency help customers reduce design and process waste so as to
TSMC-manufactured ICs are used in a broad variety ● TSMC’s leading manufacturing technology helps customers produce more advanced, energy-saving and environmentally
of applications in various segments of the computer, Chip Die Size Cross-Technology Comparison design and produce green products. Power management friendly products. For total energy savings and benefits
communications, consumer, industrial, electric vehicle, server Die size reduces as line width shrinks chips, the key components that supply and regulate power realized in 2022 through TSMC’s green manufacturing, see
and data center, and other electronics markets. Through to all other IC components within electronic devices, are Environmental Accounting on page 160-161 in this Annual
TSMC’s manufacturing technologies, customers’ designs are the most notable green IC products. TSMC helps customers Report.
realized and their products are incorporated into people’s produce industry-leading power management chips with
lives. These chips, therefore, make significant contributions more stable and efficient power supplies and lower energy Social Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services
to the progress of modern society. TSMC endeavors to consumption. Power management ICs manufactured 1. U nleash Customers’ Mobile and Wireless Chip Innovations
achieve profitable growth while providing products that by TSMC for customers are widely used in computer, that Enhance Mobility and Convenience
add environmental and social value. Listed below are several communication, consumer, electric vehicle, server and data ● T he rapid growth of smartphones and tablets in recent
examples of how TSMC-manufactured products make center, and other systems around the globe. years reflects strong demand for mobile devices, which
significant contributions to the environment and society.
accelerates innovations for IC products such as baseband,
3. D rive Industry-leading, Comprehensive ULP Technology RF transceivers, application processors (AP), wireless local
Environmental Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services Platform area networks (WLAN), CMOS image sensors (CIS), near field
1. C ontinue to Drive Technology to Reduce Power ● To meet low-power consumption requirements for IoT communication (NFC), Bluetooth, and global positioning
Consumption and Save Resources markets, such as wearable, smart home, and health care systems (GPS), organic light-emitting diode (OLED) display
● To play its part for sustainability, TSMC continues to drive 1 0.48 0.25 0.11 0.063 0.047 0.035 0.026 products, TSMC continues to invest in expanding and drivers and power management ICs (PMIC) among others.
the development of advanced semiconductor process 55nm 40nm 28nm 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm enhancing its ultra-low power processes. The Company These mobile devices offer remarkable convenience in daily
technologies to support customers with creating more 12FFC provides industry’s leading and most comprehensive living, and TSMC contributes significant value to these devices
advanced, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was ultra-low power (ULP) technology platform to support in the following ways: (1) new TSMC process technologies
re-aligned.
products. In each new technology generation, circuitry smart edge devices that demand increased computing help chips achieve faster computing speeds in smaller sizes,
capabilities, including smart watches, smart speakers, leading to smaller form factors for these electronic devices.
smart cameras, hearing aids, pacemakers and various other In addition, TSMC SoC technology integrates more functions
smart appliances. TSMC’s industry-leading ULP offerings into one chip, reducing the total number of chips in electronic
162 163

[TABLE START]

0.6	0.3	0.07	0.056	0.034	0.022
2018	2019	2020	2021	2022
	27%	41%	50%	
0.48	0.25	0.11	0.063	0.047	0.035

[TABLE END]


--- Page 84 ---

devices, again resulting in a smaller system form factor; (2) 7.2.3 Safety and Health Working Environment and Employee Safety and Health the new tools and new chemical review committee. The
new TSMC process technologies also help chips reduce power Protection purpose is to ensure that new tools are compliant with the
Safety and Health Management
consumption, allowing mobile devices to be used for a longer The Company’s ESH policy is focused on establishing a safe semiconductor industry’s safety standards (such as SEMI-S2)
TSMC’s safety and health management is compliant with
period of time; and (3) TSMC helps spread the growth of working environment, preventing occupational injury and and that environmental, safety and health concerns about
local and international standards and adheres to the
more convenient wireless connectivity such as 3G/4G/5G and illness, keeping employees healthy, enhancing every employee’s new chemicals are addressed and controlled including
management approach of “Plan, Do, Check, Act” to prevent
WLAN/Bluetooth, meaning people can communicate more awareness and sense of accountability to ESH, and building a the use of engineering controls and personal protection
accidents, promote employee safety and health, and protect
efficiently and “work anytime and anywhere,” significantly strong ESH culture. equipment, as well as operational safety training during
Company assets. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan have received
increasing the productivity and mobility of modern society. storage, transportation, usage and disposal. A total of 434
Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management System
There were a total of 35 occupational injuries at TSMC in 2022, cases of new tools and chemical substances were passed by
(TOSHMS) certification since 2009. In 2018, the International
2. U nleash Customer Innovations in CMOS image sensors involving 35 people, representing approximately 0.04% of the the new tool and new chemical review committee in 2022,
Organization for Standardization released ISO 45001: 2018,
(CIS) and micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) that total number of employees. The disabling injury frequency rate and they were evaluated and reviewed in accordance with the
replacing OHSAS 18001, with major changes in the expansion
enhance human health and safety and create green (FR) was 0.27, under the 0.4 target, and the disability injury aforementioned standards before entering TSMC.
of the scope, support and participation of the leadership,
products severity rate (SR) was 3, meeting the target of less than 4. In
collection and planning of internal and external issues, the
● To make machines smarter, safer and more user and response, TSMC is reviewing potential improvement measures, ● G eneral Safety Management, Training and Audit
expectations and demands of stakeholders, the assessment
environmentally friendly, sensors are a must. Optical, such as interlocking devices for machine safety, as well as All TSMC manufacturing facilities hold environmental, safety
of risk inspections, communication and consultation with
acoustic, motion, and environment sensors are mostly made standard safety operation procedures. In addition to regular and health committee meetings on a monthly basis. TSMC
non-managers, the application of performance indicators, and
using either CIS or MEMS technologies. TSMC continues to reviews, the caring program for employees has been enhanced has adopted multiple preventive measures such as controls
the evaluation of corrective and preventive actions. Meanwhile,
put substantial effort into developing more advanced CIS and managers have been directed to pay closer attention to the on high-risk work, contractor management, chemical safety
ISO 45001 ensures the spirit of the system can be effectively
and MEMS technologies to enable customers to create new physical and mental state of employees to ensure their safety management, personal protective equipment requirements,
implemented at the management level through management
products for new applications. For CIS, TSMC and customers and health during their work. and safety audit management. In addition, the Company
review, internal audit, automatic check, and security patrol to
have extended applications from traditional RGB (red, green, maintains detailed disaster response procedures and performs
identify safety concerns and opportunities for improvement.
blue) sensing to 3D depth sensing, optical fingerprint, and TSMC safety and health management operations apply to the regular drills designed to minimize injuries to employees and
All Company fabs in Taiwan received ISO 45001 certification
near infrared (NIR) machine vision, etc. For MEMS, TSMC following: damage to property, as well as the impact on society and the
for occupational health and safety in 2019 and all TSMC
and customers have extended applications from traditional environment in the event of a disaster.
subsidiaries obtained the certification in 2020. All the above
motion sensing to microphone, bio-sensing, micro-speakers, ● Equipment Safety and Health Management
certifications have been maintained. New facilities are required
medical ultrasound actuators and more. TSMC customers’ In addition to meeting regulatory requirements and internal TSMC Safety-related Training and Promotion in the Recent Two
to receive aforementioned certifications within 18 months after
sensing devices are used in consumer electronics, mobile standards, as well as mitigating ESH-related risks when building Years
receiving facility license per TSMC’s internal policy.
communication, automotive electronics, industrial, and or expanding facilities, TSMC also maintains procedures
Total Number of Employees who have Completed
Year
medical devices, and so on. They are increasingly smaller, governing new equipment and raw materials, requires safety Safety-related Training
Besides accident prevention, TSMC has established emergency
faster, more accurate and more energy efficient, greatly approvals for bringing new tools online, updates safety rules, 2022 271,702
response procedures to protect employees and contractors if
enhancing human convenience, health and safety, and and implements seismic protection and other safety measures. 2021 289,398
a disaster should occur, as well as to prevent and/or reduce
contributing to sustainability. TSMC customers’ CIS and
the negative impact on the community and the environment.
MEMS products are used in a number of advanced medical TSMC requires that all new tools meet SEMI-S8 requirements
TSMC communicates regularly with suppliers to ensure that ● W orking Environment Hazardous Factors Management
treatments as well as in preventative health care applications. and that appropriate supplementary control measures be taken
potential risk in the operation of production equipment is TSMC conducts workplace hazard assessments to provide a
Examples include early warning systems to minimize the to reduce ergonomic risk. Moreover, the Company endeavors
minimized and that safety control procedures are followed comfortable, safe workplace to employees. The Company also
injury from falls for the elderly, systems to detect physiological to automate the transportation of 300mm front-opening
rigorously during installation. The Company places stringent educates employees and requires them, when appropriate, to
changes, car safety systems and other applications that unified pods (FOUPs) to prevent accumulative physical damage
controls on high-risk operations and also evaluates the seismic use personal protective equipment (PPE) to prevent hazardous
significantly improve human health and safety. Moreover, caused by repetitive manual handling of this equipment. TSMC
tolerance of its facilities and equipment to reduce the risk of exposures.
by monitoring the working environment and conditions, 300mm fabs have all converted to automatic transportation
earthquake damage.
advanced sensors can make equipment smarter so that it can control.
The Company performs semi-annual workplace environment
operate in a more energy efficient way.
For epidemics, TSMC has established corporate-level prevention assessments of physical and chemical hazards, including
● Environmental, Safety and Health Evaluation of New Tools
committees and procedures for emergency response to CO concentration, illumination, noise, and hazardous
and New Chemical Substances 2
outbreaks of infectious diseases. chemical substances as regulated by local laws. In addition,
As a technology leader in the global semiconductor industry,
TSMC performs exposure assessments and uses hierarchy
TSMC operates increasingly diversified process tools and
management control for chemicals with potential health
introduces new chemicals in the R&D stage. Before using
hazards. If abnormal measurements occur, events happen, or
new tools or new chemicals, they are reviewed carefully by
an exposure assessment indicates there is an adverse health
164 165

[TABLE START]

Year	Total Number of Employees who have Completed
Safety-related Training

[TABLE END]


--- Page 85 ---

effect on employees, ESH professionals immediately conduct to emergencies so that losses can be minimized in the event continues to follow epidemic prevention recommendations 5,322.9kg),TSMC conducted a series of online interactive
onsite observation and intervention to reduce the risk of of a real disaster. In 2020, TSMC took lead in the industry such as mask wearing, frequent hand washing and social activities including: three sessions of “Health Lecture Online”
hazardous factors exposure to acceptable levels. to introduce the all-hazard approach recommended by the distancing. with 2,876 attendees in total; three health education
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to conduct promotion materials about Weight-loss Diets , with a total
● Health Promotion Program disaster prevention exercises. ● Employee Physical and Mental Health Enhancement of 25,776 person-times; four sessions of online quizzes on
In order to establish the healthiest possible workplace and TSMC believes that employee physical and mental health is not the topics of insomnia and improving sleeping, with a total
reduce the incidence of occupational disease, TSMC formed In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, TSMC added tabletop only fundamental to maintaining sound business operations of 16,656 attendees; and one-on-one sleep counseling 93
a corporate-level committee to carry out health promotion exercises to disaster prevention training in an effort to but is also an important part of a corporation’s responsibility. attendees in total. The above activities have all received positive
programs covering three key areas: minimize the risks of group infections that may arise as a To preserve and promote the physical and mental health of feedback from employees. In the future, we will continue to
1. E xposure and health risk assessment: develop an exposure result of full-scale exercises. The inclusion of tabletop exercises its employees, TSMC fosters collaboration among the onsite implement relevant health promotion activities to take care of
assessment system to identify high health risk employees. also aids in the verification of full-scale exercise procedures to industrial safety and environmental protection department, the health of employees.
2. H azardous training and notification: use standardized make disaster response more comprehensive, thus effectively the onsite medical personnel of the health center, and
training materials for employees and contractors in all mitigating the impact of various types of disasters on business physicians of occupational medicine. TSMC strives to reduce 7.2.4 Supplier Management
TSMC fabs. Inform them of the health risks and prevention continuity in the future. As of 2022, 428 sessions of tabletop cerebral and cardiovascular conditions or injuries that might
Management Aspect
measures at the workplace before working or providing any exercises had been completed in addition to 235 full-scale be induced or aggravated by overwork, night work or shift
For better supply chain management, TSMC is committed to
services there. exercises. work. The Company conducts programs for maternal health
communicating with and encouraging its suppliers, including
3. S trengthen management of chemicals with significant protection and for prevention of cumulative trauma disorders
contractors, to increase their quality, cost effectiveness and
health risks: request suppliers that all materials they provide In addition to the regular emergency response drills held as well. TSMC devotes significant resources to mental health
delivery performance, and make continuous improvement
to TSMC must comply with applicable laws including clear by engineering and facilities departments each quarter, the awareness, focused not only on hazards at work but also on
in environmental protection, safety and health. Through
disclosure of any hazardous substances. Perform sampling of Company’s laboratory, canteen, dormitory, and shuttle bus employee health in general. In 2022, through planned personal
regular communication with senior managers, site audits
raw materials used in the manufacturing process to confirm personnel also hold emergency response drills to prepare for health management, (1) 543 female employees participated
and experience sharing, the Company collaborates with
that they do not contain any carcinogenic, mutagenic or events such as earthquakes, chemical spills, ammonia release, in the maternal health program, and the completion rate was
major suppliers and contractors to enhance partnerships and
toxic-reproductive materials as claimed in supplier’s safety fires and traffic accidents. 100%. All but one of them were at first degree risk, where
ensure continued improvement of performance and increased
data sheet (SDS). there was no potential harm to the mother or infant. One
joint contributions to society. As noted above, contractors
● Emerging Infectious Disease Response woman was assessed as second degree risk, with potential
performing high-risk activities must lay out clearly defined
● Emergency Response TSMC has a dedicated corporate ESH organization to monitor harm to the mother or infant, but after proper adjustments
safety precautions and preventative measures. In addition,
The planning and execution of an effective emergency emerging infectious diseases around the world, to assess to her work duties, her risk was downgraded to first degree.
contractors working on high-risk engineering projects must
response requires identifying potential high-risk events via risk any potential impact on the workplace, and to provide an (2) Through analysis of historical cerebral and cardiovascular
establish ISO 45001 or OHSAS 18001 systems and the workers
assessment and being prepared for various scenarios. It should appropriate strategic response plan. In previous outbreaks cases of its employees, TSMC has sharpened the disease
must successfully complete work-related skill training. All
focus on continuous improvements and drills covering all such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 influenza in 2009, and MERS assessment criteria used by contracted doctors, and, in
contractors performing high-risk activities have obtained ISO
potentially serious events. TSMC’s emergency response plans in 2015, as well as with the current COVID-19 threat, TSMC combination with internal annual health examination reports
45001 certification before the end of 2021.
include procedures for rapid-response crisis management and followed the Taiwan CDC’s (Centers for Disease Control) rules and work scheduling information, the Company was able to
disaster recovery for potential incidents. and convened the corporate influenza response committee identify 4,485 employees with middle to high risk for cerebral
Supply Chain Sustainability
to develop the Company’s strategies. These strategies and cardiovascular diseases. These employees were provided
TSMC works with suppliers in several fields of sustainable
All TSMC fabs conduct major annual emergency response included educating employees in prevention and response, with health education and medical assistance. Also, they and
development, such as greening the supply chain, carbon
exercises and evacuation drills. TSMC’s onsite service publishing guidelines for managers, establishing guidelines for their managers received recommended changes in working
management for climate change, mitigation of fire risk, ESH
contractors are also required to participate in emergency employee sick leave due to flu, and installing alcohol-based hours and shifts to reduce health risks. (3) 201 employees
management and business continuity plans in the event of a
response planning and exercises to ensure cooperation in hand sanitizers at appropriate locations. The Committee also were identified as high risk for cumulative trauma disorders,
natural disaster.
handling accidents and to effectively minimize any damage monitors the status of employee leave due to illness and, at the including one who might also have job-related risks, and
caused by disasters. In 2022, the Company held 109 same time, develops a continuity plan to address manpower the Company adjusted working conditions accordingly to
Since becoming a full member of the Responsible Business
evacuation drills and 53 fire drills. At least every two years, each shortages and minimize business impact. In order to protect reduce potential risks. (4) As obesity has been considered as
Alliance (RBA) in 2015, TSMC has completed implementation
fab director invites fab management and support functions to the health of TSMC employees, their families, and work a precursor to hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, and hypertension
of the RBA code of conduct throughout the Company by
participate in business continuity drills for potentially high-risk partners, employees are encouraged to be fully vaccinated if and insomnia, TSMC has held health promotion programs for
performing self-assessments at its facilities worldwide and
events such as earthquake, fire and flood (at the Tainan site). in healthy condition. In addition, TSMC reviews the situation several consecutive years. In 2022, in light of the COVID-19
reviewing policies and procedures in the areas of labor, health
Since 2018, TSMC has conducted complex accident emergency from time to time and formulates appropriate preventive pandemic and catering to the younger generation’s preference
and safety, environment, ethics and management systems.
response drills, which include simultaneous scenarios for measures such as daily body temperature checks and updated for social and video media, apart from physical weight loss
earthquake, fire and chemical spills to ensure rapid response vaccination information before entering Company facilities and activities (6,458 participants; total weight loss reached
166 167

--- Page 86 ---

To enhance supply chain sustainability and streamline risk TSMC will continue to conduct the supplier survey annually strengthening and broadening the quality of their instruction. participated. The tour consists of a two-day, one-night camp
management, the Company is committed to collaborating and require suppliers to improve and expand their disclosure In May 2022, testing of the pupils who had attended the with activities such as a visit to the National Museum of Natural
with its suppliers to maintain full compliance with Taiwan’s to fulfill regulatory and customer requirements. For further “Teaching & Learning Project” showed that their literacy skills Science, a forum with female scientists, and a printed circuit
environmental, safety, health and fire protection regulations. information, see the Company’s Form SD filed with the U.S. had improved markedly. board (PCB) practice workshop. Through diverse scientific
TSMC developed a supplier’s code of conduct, which SEC. (https://www.tsmc.com/english/investorRelations/sec_ activities, the students learn about the design, manufacturing
affirmed basic labor rights and standards for health, safety, filings.htm) In addition to the “Teaching & Learning Project” aimed and application of semiconductors. In addition to broadening
environment, ethics and management systems. TSMC works at empowering primary school teachers, the Foundation their knowledge of popular science, the attendees learn more
with suppliers to evaluate the risk and impact on the economy, 7.3 TSMC Education and Culture Foundation collaborated with Chengzhi Education Foundation to sponsor about opportunities for women in STEM fields and their
the environment, and society and to make continuous the KIST education scheme at the Emei Junior High School in unique roles through the forum with female scientists and the
In 2022, the COVID-19 pandemic persisted, affecting every
improvement. The Company has helped boost suppliers’ Hsinchu, a program that strives to bring positive change to the exchange with the Women@tsmc society. Through the tour,
sector in Taiwan. During this time, the TSMC Education
performance of sustainability through experience sharing and school. Also, together with Unitas Literary, the Foundation held the Foundation hopes to encourage more female students to
and Culture Foundation (the Foundation) responded by
training and hopes to establish a world-class semiconductor the TSMC Youth Literature Camp, providing junior high school go into STEM fields, thereby nurturing more female science
infusing more resources into the arts and holding numerous
supply chain that exceeds international standards and serves as students from rural areas the opportunity to appreciate the and technology talent.
educational and cultural events. In addition, the Foundation
a global benchmark. beauty of literature in the setting of youth camps. Moreover,
teamed up with educational partners to empower teachers
the Foundation continued to offer scholarships and computers Further demonstrating its commitment to promoting science
in rural areas; invited TSMC employees to accompany
TSMC is subject to the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission to 98 outstanding students of underprivileged backgrounds at education, in 2022 the Foundation continued its partnership
young college students to pursue their dreams; encouraged
(SEC) disclosure rule on conflict minerals released under Rule five national universities in Taiwan, freeing these students of with Center for the Advancement of Science Education
female high school students to go into Science, Technology,
13p-1 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a financial burden and offering them the opportunity to study of National Taiwan University to hold the “TSMC Cup:
Engineering and Math (STEM) fields; sponsored courses
recognized global leader in the high-tech supply chain, the at college. The Foundation’s scholarship program truly helps Competition of Scientific Short Talk”. The two competitions,
that pass on traditional theater and micro courses teaching
Company acknowledges its corporate social responsibility students transform their lives. the “Competition of Scientific Innovation Presentation” and
Peking opera appreciation; and joined forces with the power
to strive to procure conflict-free minerals in an effort to the “Essay Awards for Introducing Popular Science Books to
of science and technology to hold online cultural events. The
recognize humanitarian and ethical social principles that Nurturing ESG Talent, Empowering Women in STEM the Public” were held online. During the competition, the
Foundation invested over NT$99 million in 2022 to provide
protect the dignity of all people. To this end, TSMC has Fields Foundation organized online classes to enhance the attendees’
resources in three main areas: cultivate the young generation,
implemented a series of compliance safeguards in accordance In 2022, the Foundation continued to hold the “TSMC presentation skills and also invited university professors
educational collaboration, and promote arts and culture,
with leading industry practices such as adopting the due Udreamer” project, encouraging college students all over and popular science writers to write columns of sample
thereby bringing about the positive cycle for the common good
diligence framework in the Organization for Economic Taiwan to take the first step in pursuing and realizing their introductory essays to help the students with their writing
of the society and for the sustainable development.
Cooperation and Development (OECD)’s Model Supply Chain dreams. The project’s theme in 2022 was sustainability, skills. More than 750 attendees participated in the 2022
Policy for a Responsible Global Supply Chain of Minerals from chosen to encourage young college students to pay attention competition.
Narrowing the Gap in Resources; Supporting Education
Conflict-Affected and High Risk Areas issued in 2011. to issues of sustainability and contribute to the common
of the Economically Underprivileged
good of the society while pursuing their dreams. The 2022 In addition to its dedication to nurturing talent in STEM
As part of the COVID-19 prevention measures taken in Taiwan,
TSMC is a strong supporter of the Responsible Business Alliance competition received proposals from 161 teams composed of fields, the Foundation also encourages young students to
instruction at schools of all levels went online. Such a measure,
and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), which will 516 college students from all over Taiwan. At the final stage create literary works and practice calligraphic arts. The two
while lessening the impact of the reduced in-person teaching,
help the Company’s suppliers source conflict-free minerals of the competition, eight teams of college students won the major literary and arts competitions for the senior high school
also exposed the glaring gap in educational resources between
through their jointly developed Responsible Minerals Initiative dreamer’s prize of NT$300 million and started a year-long students, the “TSMC Youth Literature Award” and the “TSMC
urban and rural areas. In response, the Foundation worked
(RMI). Since 2011, TSMC has asked its suppliers to disclose dream-building journey. In addition, the Foundation launched Youth Calligraphy and Seal-Carving Competition” have been
in tandem with the CommonWealth Magazine Education
information and make timely updates on smelters and mines. the “TSMC Udreamer Mentorship” project in 2022, inviting held since 2004 and 2008 respectively. During this time
Foundation and the Prof. Hwawei Ko Reading Research Center
The Company encourages suppliers to source minerals from TSMC employees to be mentors to the young dreamers by more than 10,000 people have entered the two competitions
of National Tsing Hua University to launch the “Teaching &
facilities or smelters that have received a “conflict free” offering guidance and moral support. In total, 98 employees designed. Apart from encouraging the younger generation to
Learning Project”, which was implemented in 48 primary
designation by a recognized industry group (such as the registered for the project, of which 15 were selected and create literary works and practice the art of calligraphy through
schools in rural areas. This project provides first and second
RBA) and also requires those who have not received such specially trained to assist the dreamer teams to realize their the format of competitions, the Foundation aims to elevate the
grade teachers, free of charge, well-researched teaching
designation to become compliant with Responsible Minerals dreams. In 2022, the Foundation also joined forces with public’s appreciation for literature and traditional calligraphic
plans for reading and writing, thereby reducing the teachers’
Initiative or an equivalent third-party audit program. TSMC National Museum of Natural Science to hold the “TSMC Female and seal-carving art though various types of promotional
preparation load. Moreover, a complementary online support
requires the use of conflict-free tantalum, tin, tungsten and Scientists Tour” for the third consecutive year. Since the first events.
system allowed teachers to discuss various issues with the
gold in its products. tour, more than a thousand female high school students have
staff at the Prof. Hwawei Ko Reading Research Center, thus
168 169

--- Page 87 ---

Passing on the Heritage of Classical Theater; Injecting major performing arts groups in Taiwan by sponsoring the released in 2022, the Foundation partnered with SEMI to Education Administration, Ministry of Education to promote
New Blood into Arts and Culture production of Mozart’s Die Zauberflöte (The Magic Flute) at hold a conference session in 2022 SEMICON Taiwan and to these concepts and cultural values. This included conducting
Peking opera, the treasure of Chinese performing arts, has the National Taichung Theater and conducting and composing establish a job-matching platform with 30 TSMC suppliers ten filial piety parent-child workshops at elementary schools,
been inscribed on the representative list of the Intangible masterclasses at the National Symphony Orchestra (NSO) and semiconductor-related enterprises providing 600 jobs for where TSMC volunteers provide long-term care, as well
Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO. In recent times, in hopes of bringing a fresh perspective to Taiwan’s arts rural vocational students. as jointly producing short filial piety films and organizing
however, Peking opera has all but vanished from the horizon environment during the pandemic and keeping the arts’ flame award ceremonies to recognize excellence in teaching plans,
of today’s youth. In order to rekindle interest in the heritage burning bright. In 2022, the Foundation assisted 6,358 students at 134 thus encouraging both teachers and students to initiate
of this beautiful theatrical culture, the Foundation began the rural care institutes and collaborated with TSMC volunteers intergenerational dialogue and to implant a modern spirit of
“Passing on Traditional Theatre Heritage on Campus” project 7.4 TSMC Charity Foundation to produce tutorial videos of scientific experiments and filial piety within the hearts of all participants.
with GuoGuang Opera Company, funding a two-semester science education. When classes were suspended due to
Under the guidance of Chairperson Sophie Chang, the
course at National Tsing Hua University and Tunghai University. the pandemic, the Foundation supplied science learning ● P rotecting the Environment: The Foundation helped
TSMC Charity Foundation (the Foundation) strives to address
The content of the course includes knowledge of theater, materials to help students study at home and moved physical disadvantaged social welfare institutes to increase the use
social inequalities through volunteer onsite/online services.
appreciation and analysis of plays, and workshop and stage classes online to ensure students could continue their of green energy and save power, while also continuing to
Established in 2017, the Foundation focuses on the four pillars
performances. The lectures guided 93 college students to studies. The Foundation’s “Sending Love Platform” initiative implement the “Cherish Food Program” to reduce resource
of public welfare in its charitable programs and projects: care
personally experience the performance of Peking opera step by visited and screened disadvantaged individuals in need of waste. The “Green Energy for the Disadvantaged” project
for the disadvantaged, taking care of the elderly, filial piety
step and in depth and to appreciate the charm of Peking opera financial support, and also provided financial assistance was launched in 2021, and by 2022 the Foundation had
promotion, and protection of the environment. In 2022, the
aesthetics. In addition to university courses, the Foundation and daily necessities made possible by internal and external installed solar panels at six social welfare institutes, which can
Foundation’s focus on assisting the disadvantaged honed in
also organized four “TSMC Theater Lectures” specifically for donations from TSMC to improve the living conditions of supplement these institutes’ operating expenses by selling
on rural empowerment as part of an initiative to correlate with
senior high school students in the Hsinchu area and focused highly vulnerable and disadvantaged families. As of 2022, the green energy. The LED Lighting Replacement Program helped
social trends in rural education and employment integration.
on the theme of major maid characters in Peking opera. There Foundation has supported a total of 250 families. 240 schools to reduce electricity costs by at least 30% with
In rural areas, the Foundation offers various educational
were professional introduction lectures by Wang An Chi, energy-saving lights. As for the “Cherish Food Program”, the
development resources to schools and after-schools. As for
emeritus professor at the Department of Drama and Theatre ● Taking Care of the Elderly: The Foundation collaborates Foundation continued to work with many food companies
eldercare and care for the socioeconomically disadvantaged,
of NTU, by the Taipei Culture Awards winner Zhu An Li and with Network of Compassion partners to enhance the health to donate out-of-spec foods to 130 disadvantaged social
the Foundation endeavors to improve their quality of life
by the young actors at GuoGuang Opera Company, who and welfare of solitary elders by connecting them with social welfare institutes to provide the children with after-school
through both economic support and medical services. The
demonstrated the use of makeup art, the art of recitation and welfare groups and medical units. In 2022, the Foundation snacks, thereby reducing food waste. Current collaborators
Foundation continued to operate the “Sending Love” platform
hand gestures as basic techniques of Peking opera. The lecture cooperated with National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University include Chi Mei Frozen Food Co., Ltd., Hunya Food Co., Ltd.,
to strengthen the cooperation among enterprises, local
series broadened the younger generation’s artistic horizon and Guandau Hospital to establish a smart exercise club for Laurel Corporation, Lian-Hwa Foods Corp., Hsin Tung Yang
governments and universities so as to strengthen local services
and helped them appreciate the scenes on stage and behind the elderly to prevent disability and delay aging through Co., Ltd., Great Wall Group, and Lao Xie Zhen Co., Ltd.
and jointly uplift society.
the stage. Furthermore, the Foundation commissioned a radio exercise. The Foundation continued to collaborate with the
program, “Telling Stories of Peking Opera” at IC: the Sound of TSMC facility division to repair 285 houses damaged by the 7.5 TSMC i-Charity
In 2022, the Foundation demonstrated its dedication to
Hsinchu Science Park, to stimulate public interest in the art of earthquake in Hualien, and further ensuring 16 solitary elders
investing in public welfare and expanding projects to improve The TSMC i-Charity platform, launched in 2014, is an
Peking opera by presenting various topics about theater and a safe and healthy living space after the disaster. Current
its scope of services: interactive intranet site that employees use to propose charity
interesting stories of the plays. Network of Compassion partners include Taipei Municipal
projects, share project results, provide suggestions and
Gandau Hospital, Taipei Veterans General Hospital, Miao-Li
● Rural Empowerment: The Foundation continuously provides responses, and conduct timely funding of activities to give back
The theme of the annual TSMC Hsinchu Arts Festival in 2022 Hospital, Old Five Old Foundation, Fongyuan Hospital, China
education and living assistance to institutes in need and to to society.
was “Feast of the Gods,” as the Contemporary Legend Theater Medical University Hospital, Taichung City Private Lin Tseng
children in rural areas, including volunteer services, economic
performed “Metamorphosis,” a play adapted from Franz Lien Welfare And Charity Foundation, Taiwan Puli Care
support, food supplies and the purchase of digital learning In 2022, a total of 38,857 people donated more than NT$51.3
Kafka’s novella by the Peking opera maestro Wu Hsing-kuo, Association, Sin-Lau Hospital, Tainan Municipal Hospital,
equipment and materials. In 2022, the Foundation focused million to help repair earthquake-damaged houses in Hualien,
and a brand new production of a traditional play “Eight Jianan Psychiatric Center Department of Health, Mennonite
on rural students’ employability. By collaborating with 104 to support the aboriginal elementary school’s baseball team,
Gods Crossing the Sea.” In addition to live performances, the Christian Hospital, Mennonite Social Welfare Foundation,
JOB BANK on the “World of Jobs, Road to Employment” Junyi Academy, and to aid the Teach for Taiwan program and
Arts Festival also combined various formats of arts events in Fooyin University, Penghu Hospital, and Cishan Hospital.
plan, the Foundation published 104 career exploring videos other fundraising projects.
different media such as streaming platforms and television,
in 2022 to give rural students a broader outlook on future
including “Like a Rolling Poem – a Documentary on Music ● Promoting Filial Piety: The Foundation promotes the spirit
careers and encourage them to develop their potential. In The TSMC i-Charity platform has accumulated more than
and Poetry” and “Film & Mythology,” an online film festival. of filial piety in Eastern culture by spreading awareness to
helping rural students to obtain the skills to work locally, NT$271 million in donations since its inception in 2014. TSMC
The 2022 TSMC Hsinchu Arts Festival organized 42 exquisite younger generations so as to alleviate social risks and issues
two enterprises, Chi Mei Frozen Food Co., Ltd. and Lohas continues to carry out its social commitments and encourages
art exhibitions and cultural events, inviting more than 15,000 related to aging societies. In 2022, the Foundation continued
Biotech Development Corp., joined this year to give training its employees to care for and give back to society in various
community members to attend. Along with the TSMC to work with the Filial Piety Resource Center of the K-12
to two vocational high schools and extended job offers to ways.
Hsinchu Arts Festival, the Foundation continued to support
14 students. While the expanded plan of job placement was
170 171

--- Page 88 ---

7.6 S ocial Responsibility Implementation Status as Required by the Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Implementation Status Non-
Commission Assessment Item implementation
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s)
Implementation Status Non- 4. Social Topic None
Assessment Item implementation (1) D oes the Company set policies and procedures in compliance with V (1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s) regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles? regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 110 of
1. Does the Company have a governance structure for sustainability V For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please None this Annual Report.
development and a dedicated (or ad-hoc) sustainable development refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
organization with Board of Directors authorization for senior management, 150-154 of this Annual Report. (2) H as the Company established appropriately managed employee welfare V (2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
which is reviewed by the Board of Directors? measures (include salary and compensation, leave and others), and link compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of operational performance or achievements with employee salary and subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation”, “5.6.2
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization compensation? Diversity and Inclusion”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”, and “5.6.7 Employee
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Benefit System Superior to Statute” on page 112, 110-111, 111, 113-114
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual Report. of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s (3) D oes the Company provide employees with a safe and healthy working V (3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and environment, with regular safety and health training? and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual Report. please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 164-167 of this Annual
Report.
2. Does the Company follow materiality principle to conduct risk assessment for V For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, None
environmental, social and corporate governance topics related to company Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
operation, and establish risk management related policy or strategy? Report. “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 164-167 of this Annual Report.
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150- improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
154 of this Annual Report. page 164-167 of this Annual Report.
3. Environmental Topic None
(4) H as the Company established effective career development training V (4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
(1) H as the Company set an environmental management system designed to V (1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
plans? plans, please refer to “5.6.5 Talent Development” on page 111-112 of this
industry characteristics? on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
Annual Report.
(ESH) Management” on page 154-168 and “6.3.3 Risks Regarding Non-
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
(5) D oes the Company’s product and service comply with related regulations V (5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
and international rules for customers’ health and safety, privacy, sales,
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 143 of this Annual
labelling and set policies to protect consumers’ or customers’ rights and For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Report.
consumer appeal procedures? Customers” on page 107 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
(6) D oes the Company set supplier management policy and request suppliers V (6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
to comply with related standards on the topics of environmental, norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
154-168 of this Annual Report.
occupational safety and health or labor right, and their implementation occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
status? Supplier Management” on page 167-168 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
(2) I s the Company committed to improving resource efficiency and to the V (2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
and Specific Actions” on page 110 of this Annual Report.
use of renewable materials with low environmental impact? renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection –
Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
Recycling” on page 156-157, 160 of this Annual Report.
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 167-168 of this Annual Report.
(3) D oes the Company evaluate current and future climate change potential V (3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
risks and opportunities and take measures related to climate related and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics, 5. Does the Company refer to international reporting rules or guidelines to V For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing None
topics? please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and publish Sustainability Report to disclose non-financial information of the non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Energy Management” on page 156-157 of this Annual Report. Company? Has the said Report acquire third party verification or statement Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of
of assurance? this Annual Report.
(4) D oes the Company collect data for greenhouse gas emissions, water V (4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
usage and waste quantity in the past two years, and set greenhouse greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in the past two For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
gas emissions reduction, water usage reduction and other waste years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of
management policies? Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy this Annual Report.
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 156-160 of this Annual Report. 6. If the Company has established its sustainable development code of practice according to “Listed Companies Sustainable Development Code of Practice,” please describe the operational status and differences.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, TSMC follows the ESG Policy set by the Chairman, Dr. Mark Liu. For sustainable development operational status, please refer to “7. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)” on page 148-173 of this Annual
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Report and environmental social governance related information on the Company’s website: https://esg.tsmc.com/en/index.html
Protection” on page 156-161 of this Annual Report.
7. Other important information to facilitate better understanding of the Company’s implementation of sustainable development:
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy Please refer to TSMC’s website for its sustainable development implementation status: https://esg.tsmc.com/en/index.html
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 156-160 of this Annual Report.
(Continued)
172 173

[TABLE START]

Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V
V
V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 110 of
this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation”, “5.6.2
Diversity and Inclusion”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”, and “5.6.7 Employee
Benefit System Superior to Statute” on page 112, 110-111, 111, 113-114
of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 164-167 of this Annual
Report.
For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
“7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 164-167 of this Annual Report.
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
page 164-167 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
plans, please refer to “5.6.5 Talent Development” on page 111-112 of this
Annual Report.
(5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Customers” on page 107 of this Annual Report.
(6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 167-168 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
and Specific Actions” on page 110 of this Annual Report.
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 167-168 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing
non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of
this Annual Report.
For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of
this Annual Report.	
Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V		For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please
refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
150-154 of this Annual Report.
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-154 of this Annual
Report.
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 150-
154 of this Annual Report.	
	V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
(ESH) Management” on page 154-168 and “6.3.3 Risks Regarding Non-
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 143 of this Annual
Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
154-168 of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection –
Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 156-157, 160 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management” on page 156-157 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in the past two
years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 156-160 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions,
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental
Protection” on page 156-161 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 156-160 of this Annual Report.	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 89 ---


--- Page 90 ---

8.1 Subsidiaries 8.1.2 Business Scope of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries
8.1.1 TSMC Subsidiaries Chart TSMC and its subsidiaries strive to deliver the best foundry services. WaferTech in the United States and TSMC China provide 8-inch
wafer capacity, while TSMC Nanjing provides 12-inch wafer capacity. In addition, TSMC Arizona in the United States and Japan
As of 12/31/2022 Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. in Japan are currently scheduled to provide 12-inch wafer capacity by the end of
TSMC North America
Shareholding: 100% 2024. TSMC’s subsidiaries in North America, Europe, Japan, China, South Korea and other regions are dedicated to providing timely
services and engineering support to customers worldwide and also support the Company’s core foundry business with related
TSMC Europe B.V. services as well as investing in start-up companies in the semiconductor industry.
Shareholding: 100%
8.1.3 TSMC Subsidiaries
TSMC Japan Limited
Shareholding: 100% Unit: NT$ (USD, EUR, JPY, KRW, RMB, CAD) thousands As of 12/31/2022
Date of
Company Place of Registration Capital Stock Business Activities
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Incorporation
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC North America Jan. 18, 1988 San Jose, California, U.S. US$ 11,000 Sales and marketing of integrated circuits and
semiconductor devices
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. TSMC Europe B.V. Mar. 04, 1994 Amsterdam, The Netherlands EUR 100 Customer service and supporting activities
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Japan Limited Sep. 10, 1997 Yokohama, Japan JPY 300,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Korea Limited May 02, 2006 Seoul, Korea KRW 400,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Korea Limited TSMC Development, Inc. WaferTech, LLC
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Jan. 10, 2020 Yokohama, Japan JPY 750,000 Engineering support activities
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Mar. 29, 2021 Yokohama, Japan JPY 2,450,000 Engineering support activities
TSMC Partners, Ltd. TSMC Technology, Inc.
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC China Company Limited Aug. 04, 2003 Shanghai, China RMB 4,502,080 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
Taiwan TSMC Nanjing Company Limited May 16, 2016 Nanjing, China RMB 6,650,119 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Semiconductor TSMC Global Ltd. TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
Manufacturing Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Arizona Corporation Nov. 10, 2020 Arizona, U.S. US$ 1.27 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
Company Limited
other semiconductor devices
TSMC China Company Limited Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Dec. 10, 2021 Kumamoto, Japan JPY 71,444,000 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Shareholding: 100% Inc. of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Technology, Inc. Feb. 20, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Engineering support activities
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited TSMC Development, Inc. Feb. 16, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Investing in companies involved in semiconductor
Shareholding: 100% manufacturing
WaferTech, LLC Jun. 03, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. other semiconductor devices
Shareholding: 68% TSMC Partners, Ltd. Mar. 26, 1998 British Virgin Islands US$ 988,268 Investing in companies involved in the semiconductor
design and manufacturing, and other investment activities
TSMC Arizona Corporation TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. May 28, 2007 Ontario, Canada CAD 2,434 Engineering support activities
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Global Ltd. Jul. 18, 2006 British Virgin Islands US$ 11,384,000 Investment activities
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. Feb. 27, 2004 Cayman Islands US$ 3,487 Investing in technology start-up companies
Japan Advanced Semiconductor
Manufacturing, Inc. VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Mar. 25, 2006 Cayman Islands US$ 93,898 Investing in technology start-up companies
Shareholding: 71%
Growth Fund Limited May 30, 2007 Cayman Islands US$ 2,195 Investing in technology start-up companies
Emerging Fund, L.P. Jan. 27, 2021 Cayman Islands US$ 43,109 Investing in technology start-up companies
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P.
Shareholding: 98% VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Dec. 01, 2003 Hsinchu, Taiwan NT$ 3,155,341 Research, design, development, manufacturing, sales,
packaging and test of color filter
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Growth Fund Limited
Shareholding: 98% Shareholding: 100%
Emerging Fund L.P.
Shareholding: 99.9%
176 177

[TABLE START]

Company	Date of
Incorporation	Place of Registration	Capital Stock	Business Activities
	Jan. 18, 1988	San Jose, California, U.S.	US$ 11,000	
	Mar. 04, 1994	Amsterdam, The Netherlands	EUR 100	
	Sep. 10, 1997	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 300,000	
	May 02, 2006	Seoul, Korea	KRW 400,000	
	Jan. 10, 2020	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 750,000	
	Mar. 29, 2021	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 2,450,000	
	Aug. 04, 2003	Shanghai, China	RMB 4,502,080	
	May 16, 2016	Nanjing, China	RMB 6,650,119	
	Nov. 10, 2020	Arizona, U.S.	US$ 1.27	
	Dec. 10, 2021	Kumamoto, Japan	JPY 71,444,000	
	Feb. 20, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Feb. 16, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Jun. 03, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0	
	Mar. 26, 1998	British Virgin Islands	US$ 988,268	
	May 28, 2007	Ontario, Canada	CAD 2,434	
	Jul. 18, 2006	British Virgin Islands	US$ 11,384,000	
	Feb. 27, 2004	Cayman Islands	US$ 3,487	
	Mar. 25, 2006	Cayman Islands	US$ 93,898	
	May 30, 2007	Cayman Islands	US$ 2,195	
	Jan. 27, 2021	Cayman Islands	US$ 43,109	
	Dec. 01, 2003	Hsinchu, Taiwan	NT$ 3,155,341	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 91 ---

8.1.4 S hareholders in Common of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries with Deemed Control and Subordination: None.
Shareholding
Company Title Name
8.1.5 Rosters of Directors, Supervisors, and Presidents of TSMC’s Subsidiaries Shares (Investment Amount) % (Investment
Holding %)
Unit: NT$ (USD), except shareholding As of 12/31/2022 Japan Advanced Semiconductor Representative Director Y.H. Liaw (Note 3) - -
Manufacturing, Inc. Director Diane Kao - -
Shareholding
Director Simon Wang - -
Company Title Name Director Yuichi Horita - -
% (Investment
Shares (Investment Amount) Director/President Yasuhiro Kono - -
Holding %)
Supervisor Morris Cheng - -
TSMC North America Director Sylvia Fang - - TSMC holds 1,019,814 shares 71.37%
Director David Keller - - TSMC Technology, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
President/CEO David Keller - - Director Cliff Hou - -
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares 100% President Cliff Hou - -
TSMC Europe B.V Director Wendell Huang - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
Director Paul de Bot - - TSMC Development, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
President Maria Marced - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC holds 200 shares 100% President Wendell Huang - -
TSMC Japan Limited Representative Director Makoto Onodera - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
Director Sylvia Fang - - WaferTech, LLC Director Y.H. Liaw - -
President Makoto Onodera - - Director Wendell Huang - -
TSMC holds 6,000 shares 100% President Tsung-Chia Kuo - -
TSMC Korea Limited Representative Director C.C. Pan - - TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares 100%
Director Ray Wan - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC holds 80,000 shares 100% President Wendell Huang - -
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Representative Director Cliff Hou - - TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares 100%
Director Wendell Huang - - TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. Director Cliff Hou - -
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - Director Cormac Michael O’Connell - -
TSMC holds 15,000 shares 100% Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Representative Director Jun He - - President Cliff Hou - -
Director Diane Kao - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares 100%
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - TSMC Global Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
TSMC holds 49,000 shares 100% Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC China Company Limited Chairman F.C. Tseng - - TSMC holds 11,384 shares 100%
Director Y.P. Chin - - VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$3,417,545) (98.00%)
Director Roger Luo - -
Supervisor Lora Ho - - VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$92,020,263) (98.00%)
President Roger Luo - -
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000) (100%) Growth Fund Limited None None (VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests (100%)
US$2,195,455)
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited Chairman Lora Ho - -
Director Y.P. Chin - - Emerging Fund, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$43,065,702) (99.90%)
Director Cliff Hou - -
Director Roger Luo - - VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Chairman Robert Kuan 164,500 shares 0.05%
Supervisor Wendell Huang - - Director George Liu - -
Supervisor Sylvia Fang - - Director Diane Kao - -
President Roger Luo - - Independent Director Laura Huang - -
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000) (100%) Independent Director Emma Chang - -
Independent Director P.H. Chang - -
TSMC Arizona Corporation Director Cliff Hou - - President Robert Kuan - -
Director Y.L. Wang - - TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares 67.70%
Director Sylvia Fang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - Note 1: E ffective April 1, 2023, Mr. Rick Cassidy was appointed as Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. Y.L. Wang was appointed as CEO, and Mr. Brian Harrison was appointed as President of TSMC Arizona
President/CEO Rick Cassidy (Note 1) - - Corporation.
TSMC holds 1,270,001 shares (Note 2) 100% Note 2: TSMC Arizona Corporation completed capital injection in January 2023 and February 2023. TSMC’s shareholding on TSMC Arizona Corporation increased to 3,500,000 shares post the capital injection.
Note 3: Effective April 1, 2023, Mr. Y.H. Liaw was appointed as CEO of Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc., in addition to his current position as Representative Director of the company.
(Continued)
178 179

[TABLE START]

Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Representative Director
Director
Director
Director
Director/President
Supervisor	Y.H. Liaw (Note 3)
Diane Kao
Simon Wang
Yuichi Horita
Yasuhiro Kono
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 1,019,814 shares	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Cliff Hou
Cliff Hou	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Y.H. Liaw
Wendell Huang
Tsung-Chia Kuo	-
-
-
TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares	
	Director
Director
Director
President	Cliff Hou
Cormac Michael O’Connell
Sylvia Fang
Cliff Hou	-
-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares	
	Director
Director	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang	-
-
TSMC holds 11,384 shares	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$3,417,545)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$92,020,263)	
	None	None	(VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests
US$2,195,455)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$43,065,702)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
President	Robert Kuan
George Liu
Diane Kao
Laura Huang
Emma Chang
P.H. Chang
Robert Kuan	164,500 shares
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares	
Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Director
Director
President/CEO	Sylvia Fang
David Keller
David Keller	-
-
-
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Paul de Bot
Maria Marced	-
-
-
TSMC holds 200 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
President	Makoto Onodera
Sylvia Fang
Makoto Onodera	-
-
-
TSMC holds 6,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Director	C.C. Pan
Ray Wan
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 80,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	Cliff Hou
Wendell Huang
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 15,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	Jun He
Diane Kao
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 49,000 shares	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Supervisor
President	F.C. Tseng
Y.P. Chin
Roger Luo
Lora Ho
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Supervisor
Supervisor
President	Lora Ho
Y.P. Chin
Cliff Hou
Roger Luo
Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000)	
	Director
Director
Director
Director
President/CEO	Cliff Hou
Y.L. Wang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang
Rick Cassidy (Note 1)	-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 1,270,001 shares (Note 2)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 118 ---

the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are
allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
basis can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue
is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales returns and
other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the consideration of
varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.
In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from the end
of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of goods
with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts without
discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which
- 24 -
- 24 -

--- Page 119 ---

they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained
earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Treasury Stock
Treasury stock represents the outstanding shares that the Company buys back from market, which is stated at
cost and shown as a deduction in shareholders’ equity. When the Company retires treasury stock, the treasury
stock account is reduced and the common stock as well as the capital surplus - additional paid-in capital are
reversed on a pro rata basis. When the book value of the treasury stock exceeds the sum of the par value
and additional paid-in capital, the difference is charged to capital surplus - treasury stock transactions and to
retained earnings for any remaining amount.
Share-based payment arrangements
a. Equity-settled share-based payment arrangements
Restricted shares for employees are expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on
the fair value at the grant date and the Company’s best estimate of the number expected to ultimately
vest, with a corresponding increase in other equity - unearned employee benefits.
When restricted shares for employees are issued, other equity - unearned employee benefits is recognized
on the grant date, with a corresponding increase in capital surplus - restricted shares for employees.
Dividends paid to employees on restricted shares which do not need to be returned if employees resign
in the vesting period are recognized as expenses upon the dividend declaration with a corresponding
adjustment in retained earnings.
At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of restricted shares
for employees that are expected to vest. The impact from such revision is recognized in profit or loss so
that the cumulative expenses reflect the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to capital
surplus - restricted shares for employees.
b. Cash-settled share-based payment arrangements
For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognized for the services acquired, measured at
the fair value of the liability incurred. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled,
and at the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value
recognized in profit or loss.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent
to the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
- 25 -
- 25 -

--- Page 120 ---

Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in
the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and
tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognized
to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits
of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also reviewed
at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in which
the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the
end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply with
the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets. Government
grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from incurred
expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
The Company has considered the economic implications of COVID-19 on critical accounting estimates and
will continue evaluating the impact on its financial position and financial performance as a result of the
pandemic.
- 26 -
- 26 -

--- Page 121 ---

In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Critical Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and circumstances
from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered include
contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the underlying asset
to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in circumstances that are
within the control of the Company occurs.
Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to determine
the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net realizable
value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of future demand
within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected future
revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
- 27 -
- 27 -

--- Page 122 ---

semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the deferred tax assets
requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and profitability, tax holidays,
the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any changes in the global
economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could result in significant
adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Cash and deposits in banks $ 1,329,291,394 $ 1,058,808,104
Commercial paper 9,566,430 -
Government bonds 2,451,570 906,743
Repurchase agreements 1,133,310 5,275,345
Corporate bonds 371,379 -
$ 1,342,814,083 $ 1,064,990,192
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts of
cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Forward exchange contracts $ 947,546 $ 159,048
Convertible bonds 122,852 -
$ 1,070,398 $ 159,048
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 116,215 $ 681,914
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
- 28 -
- 28 -

--- Page 123 ---

Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2022
Sell NT$ January 2023 to March 2023 NT$ 79,610,590
Sell US$ January 2023 to March 2023 US$ 752,486
Sell RMB January 2023 to March 2023 RMB 1,448,371
December 31, 2021
Sell NT$ January 2022 to March 2022 NT$ 132,734,482
Sell US$ January 2022 to March 2022 US$ 2,009,148
8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 66,116,166 $ 57,253,161
Agency bonds/Agency mortgage-backed securities 28,399,890 32,070,114
Government bonds 18,929,924 21,345,794
Asset-backed securities 9,274,697 8,660,424
122,720,677 119,329,493
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments 6,159,200 5,887,892
Publicly traded stocks 277,866 189,758
6,437,066 6,077,650
$ 129,157,743 $ 125,407,143
Current $ 122,998,543 $ 119,519,251
Noncurrent 6,159,200 5,887,892
$ 129,157,743 $ 125,407,143
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All of the dividends are mainly from investments held at the end of the reporting
period.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, as non-publicly traded investees were acquired and the
Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for
NT$561,600 thousand and NT$628,711 thousand, respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss
on financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$303,242 thousand and NT$185,993 thousand were transferred to
increase retained earnings, respectively.
- 29 -
- 29 -

--- Page 124 ---

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$37,783
thousand and NT$33,209 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 33 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Corporate bonds $ 81,041,056 $ 5,310,039
Commercial paper 48,742,817 -
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (56,439) (3,077)
$ 129,727,434 $ 5,306,962
Current $ 94,600,219 $ 3,773,571
Noncurrent 35,127,215 1,533,391
$ 129,727,434 $ 5,306,962
Refer to Note 33 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 2,329 $ -
Cash flow hedges
Forward interest rate contracts - 13,468
$ 2,329 $ 13,468
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 813 $ 9,642
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the value of the interest rate futures contracts and the value of the
hedged financial assets change in opposite directions in response to movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other sources
of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of hedge
ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses, net.
- 30 -
- 30 -

--- Page 125 ---

The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2022
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 74,300 March 2023
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,008,179 $ (1,516)
December 31, 2021
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 53,900 March 2022
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,079,274 $ 9,642
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Calculating Hedge Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury futures $ 283,995 $ 148,817
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI (283,995) (148,817)
$ - $ -
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks or interest rate
risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures or issuance of debts).
The hedge ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%. The
forward contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward contracts and the
value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign exchange
rates or interest rates.
- 31 -
- 31 -

--- Page 126 ---

The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward contracts. No other sources of ineffectiveness
emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, refer to Note 21(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments,
the amount transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items and the amount reclassified to finance costs
of hedged items.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2021
Balance in
Other Equity
Contract Amount (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Maturity Hedges)
Forward interest rate contracts US$ 328,000 January 2022 $ 128,165
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts (capital expenditures) $ - $ (41,416)
Forward interest rate contracts (issuance of debts) $ 1,379,119 $ 132,508
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ - $ 41,416
Forecast transaction (issuance of debts) $ (1,379,119) $ (132,508)
11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 222,761,927 $ 193,733,220
Less: Loss allowance (331,646) (347,020)
222,430,281 193,386,200
At FVTOCI 7,325,606 4,199,909
$ 229,755,887 $ 197,586,109
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held
within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for credit-impaired
accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit loss ratio of
- 32 -
- 32 -

--- Page 127 ---

customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and customers’
financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due over 90 days
without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Not past due $ 205,053,142 $ 191,740,045
Past due
Past due within 30 days 24,516,277 6,186,814
Past due over 31 days 518,114 6,270
Less: Loss allowance (331,646) (347,020)
$ 229,755,887 $ 197,586,109
All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Balance, beginning of year $ 347,020 $ 246,626
Provision (Reversal) (15,449) 100,408
Effect of exchange rate changes 75 (14)
Balance, end of year $ 331,646 $ 347,020
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Finished goods $ 54,818,402 $ 32,562,750
Work in process 125,661,912 137,700,402
Raw materials 20,389,115 11,111,122
Supplies and spare parts 20,279,719 11,728,047
$ 221,149,148 $ 193,102,321
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue during reporting period. The amounts
are illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Inventory losses $ 4,689,112 $ 533,034
- 33 -
- 33 -

--- Page 128 ---

13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2022 2021 2022 2021
Vanguard International Manufacturing, sales, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 13,492,653 $ 10,613,127 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and sales of integrated Singapore 8,934,731 6,795,699 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan 3,528,417 3,046,961 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 1,666,651 1,484,683 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and marketing
of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Technology Co., Ltd. Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan 19,053 22,948 28% 28%
(Mutual-Pak) wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and researching,
developing and testing of RFID
$ 27,641,505 $ 21,963,418
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the associates’ ownership held by the Company in publicly traded stocks calculated by
the closing price at the end of the reporting period are summarized as follows. The closing price represents
the quoted price in active markets, the level 1 fair value measurement.
December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2022 2021
VIS $ 35,977,321 $ 73,347,312
GUC $ 29,926,918 $ 27,359,085
Xintec $ 10,716,449 $ 15,913,315
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Assets used by the Company $ 2,693,815,688 $ 1,975,113,974
Assets subject to operating leases 21,282 4,730
$ 2,693,836,970 $ 1,975,118,704
- 34 -
- 34 -

--- Page 129 ---

Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Additions 816,366 59,443,801 330,782,690 10,325,337 738,523,914 1,139,892,108
Disposals or retirements - (236,765 ) (25,846,536 ) (1,709,151 ) - (27,792,452 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (65,779 ) - - (65,779 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 357,221 1,242,136 6,322,919 257,684 5,162,961 13,342,921
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 7,661,817 $ 637,046,949 $ 4,295,942,530 $ 85,028,040 $ 1,336,842,608 $ 6,362,521,944
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Additions 1,402 35,982,373 380,216,160 9,216,278 - 425,416,213
Disposals or retirements - (225,637 ) (24,706,719 ) (1,708,639 ) - (26,640,995 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (40,266 ) - - (40,266 )
Impairment - - - - 790,740 790,740
Effect of exchange rate changes 54,933 1,016,381 5,872,264 205,814 - 7,149,392
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 556,161 $ 342,938,359 $ 3,264,880,880 $ 59,540,116 $ 790,740 $ 3,668,706,256
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2022 $ 7,105,656 $ 294,108,590 $ 1,031,061,650 $ 25,487,924 $ 1,336,051,868 $ 2,693,815,688
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
Additions 2,587,183 53,971,271 401,659,011 7,642,962 369,545,869 835,406,296
Disposals or retirements - (41,143 ) (26,192,191 ) (333,385 ) - (26,566,719 )
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - 35,478 1,443,590 - - 1,479,068
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (244,579 ) - - (244,579 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (41,578 ) 184,697 1,077,673 (18,055 ) (355,496 ) 847,241
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Additions 1,329 34,331,645 368,777,680 8,373,282 - 411,483,936
Disposals or retirements - (36,527 ) (22,230,098 ) (332,557 ) - (22,599,182 )
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - 15,066 436,816 - - 451,882
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (68,279 ) - - (68,279 )
Impairment - - 274,388 - - 274,388
Effect of exchange rate changes (7,632 ) 55,587 818,965 (16,394 ) - 850,526
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2021 $ 5,988,404 $ 270,432,535 $ 1,081,209,795 $ 24,327,507 $ 593,155,733 $ 1,975,113,974
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of 20
years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized an impairment loss of NT$790,740 thousand
and NT$274,388 thousand for certain machinery and equipment that were assessed to have no future use, and
the recoverable amount of the aforementioned assets were nil. Such impairment loss was recognized in
other operating income and expenses.
Information about capitalized interest is set out in Note 24.
- 35 -
- 35 -

--- Page 130 ---

15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Carrying amounts
Land $ 38,525,856 $ 29,778,636
Buildings 3,356,700 2,918,133
Machinery and equipment 2,965 3,474
Office equipment 28,615 34,294
$ 41,914,136 $ 32,734,537
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 12,610,664 $ 7,769,782
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 2,119,828 $ 1,825,712
Buildings 928,726 707,856
Machinery and equipment 863 539
Office equipment 23,588 22,091
$ 3,073,005 $ 2,556,198
b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 2,603,504 $ 2,176,451
Noncurrent portion 29,764,097 20,764,214
$ 32,367,601 $ 22,940,665
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Land 0.39%-2.30% 0.39%-2.14%
Buildings 0.39%-5.63% 0.39%-3.88%
Machinery and equipment 0.71% 0.71%
Office equipment 0.28%-4.71% 0.28%-3.88%
- 36 -
- 36 -

--- Page 131 ---

c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
d. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 4,731,087 $ 5,250,279
Total cash outflow for leases $ 7,618,290 $ 7,510,762
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Additions - 2,253,095 5,078,967 203,030 7,535,092
Disposals or retirements - (29,991 ) (66,261 ) - (96,252 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 412,657 1,956 12,131 1,553 428,297
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 25,759,019 $ 48,675,794 $ 11,701,892 $ 91,928,526
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Additions - 2,793,539 4,774,522 1,188,033 8,756,094
Disposals or retirements - (11,351 ) (66,261 ) - (77,612 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 1,956 8,555 686 11,197
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ - $ 17,696,437 $ 38,838,394 $ 9,394,540 $ 65,929,371
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 8,062,582 $ 9,837,400 $ 2,307,352 $ 25,999,155
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
Additions - 1,372,806 7,726,168 219,504 9,318,478
Disposals or retirements - - (318,736 ) - (318,736 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (57,438 ) (559 ) 4,558 104 (53,335 )
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Additions - 2,686,786 4,323,860 1,196,523 8,207,169
Disposals or retirements - - (317,508 ) - (317,508 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (559 ) 3,467 320 3,228
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 8,621,666 $ 9,529,379 $ 3,291,488 $ 26,821,697
The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
- 37 -
- 37 -

--- Page 132 ---

annual discount rates of 8.7% and 8.0% in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively, to reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. SHORT-TERM LOANS
December 31,
2021
Unsecured loans
Amount $ 114,921,333
Loan content
EUR (in thousands) $ 3,652,935
Annual interest rate (0.73)%-0%
Maturity date Due by June 2022
18. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 379,526,000 $ 312,448,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 476,051,500 304,414,000
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (3,141,061) (2,391,348)
Less: Current portion (18,100,000) (4,400,000)
$ 834,336,439 $ 610,070,652
The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
101-3 - October 2012 to $ 4,400,000 1.53% Bullet repayment; interest
October 2022 payable annually
101-4 C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 C February 2013 to 3,600,000 1.50% The same as above
February 2023
102-2 B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
(Continued)
- 38 -
- 38 -

--- Page 133 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
102-4 D September 2013 to $ 2,600,000 1.85% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2021 payable annually
(interest for the six
months prior to
maturity will accrue on
the basis of actual days
and be repayable at
maturity)
E September 2013 to 5,400,000 2.05% The same as above
March 2023
F September 2013 to 2,600,000 2.10% Bullet repayment; interest
September 2023 payable annually
109-1 A March 2020 to 3,000,000 0.58% The same as above
March 2025
B March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.62% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.64% The same as above
March 2030
109-2 A April 2020 to 5,900,000 0.52% The same as above
April 2025
B April 2020 to 10,400,000 0.58% The same as above
April 2027
C April 2020 to 5,300,000 0.60% The same as above
April 2030
109-3 A May 2020 to May 4,500,000 0.55% The same as above
2025
B May 2020 to May 7,500,000 0.60% The same as above
2027
C May 2020 to May 2,400,000 0.64% The same as above
2030
109-4 A July 2020 to July 5,700,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B July 2020 to July 6,300,000 0.65% The same as above
2027
C July 2020 to July 1,900,000 0.67% The same as above
2030
109-5 A September 2020 to 4,800,000 0.50% The same as above
September 2025
B September 2020 to 8,000,000 0.58% The same as above
September 2027
C September 2020 to 2,800,000 0.60% The same as above
September 2030
109-6 A December 2020 to 1,600,000 0.40% The same as above
(Green bond) December 2025
B December 2020 to 5,600,000 0.44% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 4,800,000 0.48% The same as above
December 2030
(Continued)
- 39 -
- 39 -

--- Page 134 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
109-7 A December 2020 to $ 1,900,000 0.36% Two equal installments in
December 2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B December 2020 to 10,200,000 0.41% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 6,400,000 0.45% The same as above
December 2030
110-1 A March 2021 to 4,800,000 0.50% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2026 payable annually
B March 2021 to 11,400,000 0.55% The same as above
March 2028
C March 2021 to 4,900,000 0.60% The same as above
March 2031
110-2 A May 2021 to May 5,200,000 0.50% The same as above
2026
B May 2021 to May 8,400,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C May 2021 to May 5,600,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-3 A June 2021 to June 6,900,000 0.52% The same as above
2026
B June 2021 to June 7,900,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C June 2021 to June 4,900,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-4 A August 2021 to 4,000,000 0.485% The same as above
August 2025
B August 2021 to 8,000,000 0.50% The same as above
August 2026
C August 2021 to 5,400,000 0.55% The same as above
August 2028
D August 2021 to 4,200,000 0.62% The same as above
August 2031
110-6 A October 2021 to 3,200,000 0.535% The same as above
April 2026
B October 2021 to 6,900,000 0.54% The same as above
October 2026
C October 2021 to 4,600,000 0.60% The same as above
October 2028
D October 2021 to 1,600,000 0.62% The same as above
October 2031
110-7 A December 2021 to 7,700,000 0.65% The same as above
December 2026
B December 2021 to 3,500,000 0.675% The same as above
June 2027
C December 2021 to 5,500,000 0.72% The same as above
December 2028
111-1 A January 2022 to 2,100,000 0.63% The same as above
(Green bond) January 2027
B January 2022 to 3,300,000 0.72% The same as above
January 2029
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

--- Page 135 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
111-2 A March 2022 to $ 3,000,000 0.84% Bullet repayment; interest
September 2026 payable annually
B March 2022 to 9,600,000 0.85% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2022 to 1,600,000 0.90% The same as above
March 2029
111-3 - May 2022 to May 6,100,000 1.50% The same as above
(Green bond) 2027
111-4 A July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.60% The same as above
(Green bond) 2026
B July 2022 to July 10,100,000 1.70% The same as above
2027
C July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.75% The same as above
2029
D July 2022 to July 1,400,000 1.95% The same as above
2032
111-5 A August 2022 to 2,000,000 1.65% The same as above
June 2027
B August 2022 to 8,900,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2027
C August 2022 to 2,200,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2029
D August 2022 to 2,500,000 1.82% The same as above
August 2032
111-6 A October 2022 to 5,700,000 1.75% The same as above
(Green bond) October 2027
B October 2022 to 1,000,000 1.80% The same as above
October 2029
C October 2022 to 3,500,000 2.00% The same as above
October 2032
(Concluded)
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
US$ unsecured
bonds
109-1 - September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 2.70% Bullet repayment
September 2060 (callable on the 5th
anniversary of the
issue date and every
anniversary thereafter);
interest payable
annually
110-5 - September 2021 to 1,000,000 3.10% The same as above
September 2051
- 41 -
- 41 -

--- Page 136 ---

The major terms of overseas unsecured bonds are as follows:
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 0.75% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2025 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
September 2020 to 750,000 1.00% The same as above
September 2027
September 2020 to 1,250,000 1.375% The same as above
September 2030
April 2021 to April 2026 1,100,000 1.25% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2028 900,000 1.75% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2031 1,500,000 2.25% The same as above
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 1.75% The same as above
2026
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 2.50% The same as above
2031
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.125% The same as above
2041
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.25% The same as above
2051
April 2022 to April 2027 1,000,000 3.875% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2029 500,000 4.125% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2032 1,000,000 4.25% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2052 1,000,000 4.50% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2027 400,000 4.375% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2032 600,000 4.625% The same as above
19. LONG-TERM BANK LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Unsecured loans $ 6,013,333 $ 3,510,000
Less: Discounts on government grants (39,397) (34,202)
Less: Current portion (1,213,889) (166,667)
$ 4,760,047 $ 3,309,131
Loan content
Annual interest rate 1.03%-1.23% 0.40%-0.90%
Maturity date Due by December Due by September
2027 2026
The long-term bank loans of the Company are with preferential interest rates subsidized by the government,
and the loans are used to fund capital expenditure qualifying for the subsidy.
- 42 -
- 42 -

--- Page 137 ---

20. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
a. Defined contribution plans
The plan under the R.O.C. Labor Pension Act (the “Act”) is deemed a defined contribution plan. Pursuant
to the Act, TSMC and VisEra Tech have made monthly contributions equal to 6% of each employee’s
monthly salary to employees’ pension accounts. Furthermore, TSMC North America, TSMC China,
TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, TSMC Europe, TSMC Canada, TSMC Technology and JASM also
make monthly contributions at certain percentages of the basic salary of their employees. Accordingly,
the Company recognized expenses of NT$4,550,387 thousand and NT$3,711,010 thousand for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
b. Defined benefit plans
TSMC has defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law that provide benefits based on
an employee’s length of service and average monthly salary for the six-month period prior to retirement.
The Company contributes an amount equal to 2% of salaries paid each month to their respective pension
funds (the Funds), which are administered by the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee (the
Committee) and deposited in the Committee’s name in the Bank of Taiwan. Before the end of each year,
the Company assesses the balance in the Funds. If the amount of the balance in the Funds is inadequate
to pay retirement benefits for employees who conform to retirement requirements in the next year, the
Company is required to fund the difference in one appropriation that should be made before the end of
March of the next year. The Funds are operated and managed by the government’s designated authorities;
as such, the Company does not have any right to intervene in the investments of the Funds.
Amounts recognized in respect of these defined benefit plans were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Current service cost $ 134,376 $ 145,289
Net interest expense 74,265 47,196
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss 208,641 192,485
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) (429,948) (73,298)
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 1,413,760 94,278
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions - 277,454
Actuarial gain arising from changes in financial assumptions (160,752) (540,513)
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in other
comprehensive income 823,060 (242,079)
Total $ 1,031,701 $ (49,594)
- 43 -
- 43 -

--- Page 138 ---

The pension costs of the aforementioned defined benefit plans were recognized in profit or loss by the
following categories:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Cost of revenue $ 135,125 $ 124,548
Research and development expenses 55,632 52,801
General and administrative expenses 15,129 12,430
Marketing expenses 2,755 2,706
$ 208,641 $ 192,485
The amounts arising from the defined benefit obligation of the Company were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Present value of defined benefit obligation $ 17,483,951 $ 16,585,442
Fair value of plan assets (8,162,860) (5,548,563)
Net defined benefit liability $ 9,321,091 $ 11,036,879
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Balance, beginning of year $ 16,585,442 $ 16,980,277
Current service cost 134,376 145,289
Interest expense 120,791 66,664
Remeasurement:
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 1,413,760 94,278
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions - 277,454
Actuarial gain arising from changes in financial assumptions (160,752) (540,513)
Benefits paid from plan assets (585,343) (431,817)
Benefits paid directly by the Company (24,323) (6,190)
Balance, end of year $ 17,483,951 $ 16,585,442
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Balance, beginning of year $ 5,548,563 $ 5,066,203
Interest income 46,526 19,468
Remeasurement:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) 429,948 73,298
Contributions from employer 2,723,166 821,411
Benefits paid from plan assets (585,343) (431,817)
Balance, end of year $ 8,162,860 $ 5,548,563
- 44 -
- 44 -

--- Page 139 ---

The fair value of the plan assets by major categories at the end of reporting period was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Cash $ 1,337,893 $ 1,000,961
Equity instruments 4,696,909 2,951,835
Debt instruments 2,128,058 1,595,767
$ 8,162,860 $ 5,548,563
The actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out by
qualified actuaries. The principal assumptions of the actuarial valuation were as follows:
Measurement Date
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Discount rate 1.80% 0.75%
Future salary increase rate 4.00% 3.00%
Through the defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the Company is exposed to
the following risks:
1) Investment risk: The pension funds are invested in equity and debt securities, bank deposits, etc. The
investment is conducted at the discretion of the government’s designated authorities or under the
mandated management. However, under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the rate of return on assets
shall not be less than the average interest rate on a two-year time deposit published by the local banks
and the government is responsible for any shortfall in the event that the rate of return is less than the
required rate of return.
2) Interest risk: A decrease in the government bond interest rate will increase the present value of the
defined benefit obligation; however, this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the
debt investments of the plan assets.
Assuming a hypothetical decrease in interest rate at the end of the reporting period contributed to a
decrease of 0.5% (and not below 0.0%) in the discount rate and all other assumptions were held
constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by NT$766,692 thousand
and NT$780,460 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
3) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by reference to the future
salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase
the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Assuming the expected salary rate increases by 0.5% at the end of the reporting period and all other
assumptions were held constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by
NT$746,933 thousand and NT$759,527 thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another
as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period,
which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability.
- 45 -
- 45 -

--- Page 140 ---

The Company expects to make contributions of NT$2,832,093 thousand to the defined benefit plans in
the next year starting from December 31, 2022. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit
obligation is 9 years.
21. EQUITY
a. Capital stock
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Authorized shares (in thousands) 28,050,000 28,050,000
Authorized capital $ 280,500,000 $ 280,500,000
Issued and paid shares (in thousands) 25,930,380 25,930,380
Issued capital $ 259,303,805 $ 259,303,805
A holder of issued common shares with par value of NT$10 per share is entitled to vote and to receive
dividends.
The authorized shares include 500,000 thousand shares allocated for the exercise of employee stock
options.
On March 1, 2022, the Company issued employee restricted stocks awards (RSAs) for its employees in
a total of 1,387 thousand shares with a par value of NT$10 each. The aforementioned issuance of new
shares was approved by the relevant authority and the registration has been completed. Refer to Note 28
for the information on RSAs.
On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel 1,387 thousand treasury shares. Refer
to Note 21(e) for the information.
As of the end of reporting period, 1,063,847 thousand ADSs of TSMC were traded on the NYSE. The
number of common shares represented by the ADSs was 5,319,234 thousand shares (one ADS represents
five common shares).
b. Capital surplus
The categories of uses and the sources of capital surplus based on regulations were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
May be used to offset a deficit, distributed as cash dividends, or
transferred to share capital
Additional paid-in capital $ 24,183,645 $ 24,184,939
From merger 22,803,291 22,804,510
From convertible bonds 8,892,371 8,892,847
From difference between the consideration received and the
carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets during actual
disposal 8,406,282 8,406,282
Donations - donated by shareholders 11,275 11,275
(Continued)
- 46 -
- 46 -

--- Page 141 ---

December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
May only be used to offset a deficit
From share of changes in equities of subsidiaries $ 4,229,892 $ 113,952
From share of changes in equities of associates 311,863 307,322
Donations - unclaimed dividend 53,680 40,475
May not be used for any purpose
Employee restricted shares 438,029 -
$ 69,330,328 $ 64,761,602
(Concluded)
If such capital surplus is distributed as transferred to share capital, it is limited to a certain percentage of
the Company’s paid-in capital each year.
c. Retained earnings and dividend policy
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation provide that, earnings distribution may be made on a quarterly basis
after the close of each quarter. Distribution of earnings by way of cash dividends should be approved by
TSMC’s Board of Directors and reported to TSMC’s shareholders in its meeting. When allocating
earnings, TSMC shall first estimate and reserve the taxes to be paid, offset its losses, set aside a legal
capital reserve at 10% of the remaining earnings (until the accumulated legal capital reserve equals
TSMC’s paid-in capital), then set aside a special capital reserve in accordance with relevant laws or
regulations or as requested by the authorities in charge. Any balance left over shall be allocated according
to relevant laws and TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation.
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation also provide that profits of TSMC may be distributed by way of cash
dividend and/or stock dividend. However, distribution of earnings shall be made preferably by way of
cash dividend. Distribution of earnings may also be made by way of stock dividend, provided that the
ratio for stock dividend shall not exceed 50% of the total distribution.
The legal capital reserve may be used to offset a deficit, or be distributed as dividends in cash or stocks
for the portion in excess of 25% of the paid-in capital if the Company incurs no loss.
Pursuant to existing regulations, the Company is required to set aside additional special capital reserve
equivalent to the net debit balance of the other components of stockholders’ equity, such as the
accumulated balance of foreign currency translation reserve, unrealized valuation gain or loss from fair
value through other comprehensive income financial assets, gain or loss from changes in fair value of
hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, etc. For the subsequent decrease in the deduction amount to
stockholders’ equity, any special reserve appropriated may be reversed to the extent that the net debit
balance reverses.
The appropriations of 2022, 2021 and 2020 quarterly earnings have been approved by TSMC’s Board of
Directors in its meeting, respectively. The appropriations and cash dividends per share were as follows:
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2022 of 2022 of 2022 of 2022
Board of Directors in its February 14, November 8, August 9, May 10,
meeting 2023 2022 2022 2022
Special capital reserve $ 17,166,163 $ (31,910,353) $ (12,002,798) $ (15,541,054)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
- 47 -
- 47 -

--- Page 142 ---

Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2021 of 2021 of 2021 of 2021
Board of Directors in its February 15, November 9, August 10, June 9,
meeting 2022 2021 2021 2021
Special capital reserve $ 3,304,303 $ 710,169 $ 10,201,220 $ (6,287,050)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2020 of 2020 of 2020 of 2020
Board of Directors in its February 9, November 10, August 11, May 12,
meeting 2021 2020 2020 2020
Special capital reserve $ 12,420,727 $ 5,501,351 $ 11,884,457 $ (2,694,841)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5
The special capital reserve for 2022 is to be presented for approval in TSMC’s shareholders’ meeting to
be held on June 6, 2023 (expected).
d. Others
Changes in others were as follows:
Year Ended December 31, 2022
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (63,303,361 ) $ 574,310 $ 120,536 $ - $ (62,608,515 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations 51,009,722 - - - 51,009,722
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - (263,380 ) - - (263,380 )
Debt instruments - (10,513,643 ) - - (10,513,643 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (303,242 ) - - (303,242 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - 410,076 - - 410,076
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 909 - - 909
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments - - 1,329,231 - 1,329,231
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - (52,929 ) - (52,929 )
Issuance of shares (451,899 ) (451,899 )
Share-based payment expenses recognized 266,746 266,746
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates 550,338 38,696 76,307 - 665,341
Income tax effect - (79 ) 6,036 - 5,957
Balance, end of year $ (11,743,301 ) $ (10,056,353 ) $ 1,479,181 $ (185,153 ) $ (20,505,626 )
- 48 -
- 48 -

--- Page 143 ---

Year Ended December 31, 2021
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (57,001,627 ) $ 2,321,754 $ - $ - $ (54,679,873 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations (6,181,737 ) - - - (6,181,737 )
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - 1,898,206 - - 1,898,206
Debt instruments - (3,339,796 ) - - (3,339,796 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (187,654 ) - - (187,654 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - (93,229 ) - - (93,229 )
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 1,234 - - 1,234
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments - - 90,119 - 90,119
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - 48,469 - 48,469
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates (119,997 ) 30,015 (14,682 ) - (104,664 )
Income tax effect - (56,220 ) (3,370 ) - (59,590 )
Balance, end of year $ (63,303,361 ) $ 574,310 $ 120,536 $ - $ (62,608,515 )
The aforementioned other equity includes the changes in other equities of TSMC and TSMC’s share of
its subsidiaries and associates.
e. Treasury stock
For TSMC’s shareholders’ interests, TSMC’s Board of Directors approved a share buyback program on
February 15, 2022 to repurchase 1,387 thousand shares. TSMC has completed this share buyback
program during the first quarter of 2022. On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel
the 1,387 thousand shares and set May 10, 2022 as the record date for capital reduction. The registration
for share cancellation was completed on May 20, 2022.
22. NET REVENUE
a. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Years Ended December 31
Product 2022 2021
Wafer $ 1,991,855,947 $ 1,405,300,273
Others 272,035,345 182,114,764
$ 2,263,891,292 $ 1,587,415,037
- 49 -
- 49 -

--- Page 144 ---

Years Ended December 31
Geography 2022 2021
Taiwan $ 210,470,783 $ 203,963,760
United States 1,493,328,765 1,015,996,424
China 245,168,746 164,552,063
Europe, the Middle East and Africa 123,767,140 89,010,064
Japan 119,099,336 71,920,856
Others 72,056,522 41,971,870
$ 2,263,891,292 $ 1,587,415,037
The Company categorized the net revenue mainly based on the countries where the customers are
headquartered.
Years Ended December 31
Platform 2022 2021
High Performance Computing $ 932,383,729 $ 587,780,144
Smartphone 888,879,250 695,091,191
Internet of Things 196,114,987 133,005,979
Automotive 116,380,987 67,076,353
Digital Consumer Electronics 56,158,772 55,577,223
Others 73,973,567 48,884,147
$ 2,263,891,292 $ 1,587,415,037
Years Ended December 31
Resolution 2022 2021
5-nanometer $ 508,689,881 $ 262,327,365
7-nanometer 535,153,763 440,383,100
10-nanometer 24,871 659,989
16-nanometer 258,544,274 191,058,940
20-nanometer 8,853,291 5,668,752
28-nanometer 206,611,955 153,066,563
40/45-nanometer 145,546,243 103,413,639
65-nanometer 93,288,614 66,467,903
90-nanometer 40,184,169 32,260,288
0.11/0.13 micron 57,992,328 40,558,534
0.15/0.18 micron 110,571,222 86,700,287
0.25 micron and above 26,395,336 22,734,913
Wafer revenue $ 1,991,855,947 $ 1,405,300,273
b. Contract balances
December 31, December 31, January 1,
2022 2021 2021
Contract liabilities (classified under accrued
expenses and other current liabilities) $ 70,806,617 $ 39,762,588 $ 13,775,088
The changes in the contract liability balances primarily result from the timing difference between the
satisfaction of performance obligation and the customer’s payment.
- 50 -
- 50 -

--- Page 145 ---

The Company recognized revenue from the beginning balance of contract liability, which amounted to
NT$38,433,111 thousand and NT$11,590,400 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively.
c. Temporary receipts from customers
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 107,723,580 $ 30,612,702
Noncurrent portion (classified under other noncurrent liabilities) 168,399,207 155,381,485
$ 276,122,787 $ 185,994,187
The Company’s temporary receipts from customer are payments made by customers to the Company to
retain the Company’s capacity. When the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements are
subsequently satisfied, the treatment of temporary receipts, either by refund or by accounts receivable
offsetting, will be determined by mutual consent.
d. Refund liabilities
Estimated sales returns and other allowances is made and adjusted based on historical experience and
the consideration of varying contractual terms. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aforementioned
refund liabilities amounted to NT$ 53,078,351 thousand and NT$41,038,041 thousand (classified under
accrued expenses and other current liabilities), respectively.
23. INTEREST INCOME
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Interest income
Bank deposits $ 17,831,257 $ 2,834,838
Financial assets at FVTOCI 2,582,341 2,192,470
Financial assets at amortized cost 2,008,611 681,457
$ 22,422,209 $ 5,708,765
24. FINANCE COSTS
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Interest expense
Corporate bonds $ 14,116,112 $ 5,202,999
Lease liabilities 267,050 193,324
Bank loans 32,017 17,546
Others 1,673 349
Less: Capitalized interest under property, plant and equipment (2,666,868) -
$ 11,749,984 $ 5,414,218
- 51 -
- 51 -

--- Page 146 ---

Information about capitalized interest is as follows:
Years Ended
December 31,
2022
Capitalization rate 0.56%-3.36%
25. OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Gain (loss) on disposal of financial assets, net
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI $ (410,076) $ 93,229
Loss on financial instruments at FVTPL, net
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL (622,537) (7,973,667)
The reversal (accrual) of expected credit loss of financial assets
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI (909) (1,234)
Financial assets at amortized cost (51,442) 3,969
Other gains, net 72,766 489,693
$ (1,012,198) $ (7,388,010)
26. INCOME TAX
a. Income tax expense recognized in profit or loss
Income tax expense consisted of the following:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Current income tax expense
Current tax expense recognized in the current year $ 147,685,403 $ 88,844,915
Income tax adjustments on prior years (563,555) 207,801
Other income tax adjustments 206,136 152,232
147,327,984 89,204,948
Deferred income tax benefit
The origination and reversal of temporary differences (24,714,488) (17,530,023)
Investment tax credits 4,676,707 (5,621,745)
(20,037,781) (23,151,768)
Income tax expense recognized in profit or loss $ 127,290,203 $ 66,053,180
- 52 -
- 52 -

--- Page 147 ---

A reconciliation of income before income tax and income tax expense recognized in profit or loss was
as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2022 2021
Income before tax $ 1,144,190,718 $ 663,126,314
Income tax expense at the statutory rate $ 231,799,774 $ 134,613,312
Tax effect of adjusting items:
Nondeductible items in determining taxable income 12,286,136 11,261,407
Tax-exempt income (157,955,934) (89,852,940)
Additional income tax under the Alternative Minimum Tax Act 61,578,020 32,852,688
The origination and reversal of temporary differences (24,714,488) (17,530,023)
Income tax credits 4,654,114 (5,651,297)
127,647,622 65,693,147
Income tax adjustments on prior years (563,555) 207,801
Other income tax adjustments 206,136 152,232
Income tax expense recognized in profit or loss $ 127,290,203 $ 66,053,180
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company applied a tax rate of 20% for entities
subject to the R.O.C. Income Tax Law; for other jurisdictions, taxes are calculated using the applicable
tax rate for each individual jurisdiction.
b. Deferred income tax balance
The analysis of deferred income tax assets and liabilities was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2022 2021
Deferred income tax assets
Temporary differences
Depreciation $ 45,299,310 $ 34,720,661
Refund liability 12,089,451 5,986,173
Unrealized exchange losses 5,782,345 -
Unrealized loss on inventories 2,305,328 898,998
Net defined benefit liability 1,722,005 1,237,086
Investment tax credits 945,038 5,621,745
Deferred compensation cost 361,241 373,983
Others 681,124 315,240
$ 69,185,842 $ 49,153,886
Deferred income tax liabilities
Temporary differences
Unrealized exchange gains $ - $ (706,311)
Others (1,031,383) (1,167,566)
$ (1,031,383) $ (1,873,877)
- 53 -
- 53 -