
--- Page 68 ---

Business Continuity Management Framework to provide foundry services on competitive terms. For example, adequacy and effectiveness, it cannot guarantee that it will
TSMC’s business continuity management (BCM) framework guides the Company in responding effectively and promptly to business the global surge in the development of artificial intelligence not be susceptible to new and emerging risks and attacks in
disruption, which safeguards the interests of the Company and its stakeholders. The BCM framework outlines the governance (AI) has had a significant impact on customer demand for the evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats. For example,
structure, processes and capabilities supported by a resilient culture in fortifying the Company’s operational resilience. advanced semiconductor chips and the market dynamics as AI continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could also use AI to
in TSMC’s industry; thus, TSMC’s ability to continuously develop malicious codes and sophisticated phishing attempts.
develop relevant technologies, products and services to meet
these customer needs and changes in the AI industry will be Malicious hackers may also try to introduce computer viruses,
Fortifying Operational Resilience critical for the Company to effectively compete in this space. corrupted software or ransomware into TSMC’s network
TSMC also believes that the effective use of AI in its internal systems to disrupt its operations, or blackmail the Company
operations is important to its long-term success. As the AI to regain control of its computing systems, or spy on it for
technologies are rapidly evolving, if TSMC is unable to deploy sensitive information. These attacks may result in TSMC
new AI technologies in its internal operations as effectively having to pay damages for its delayed or disrupted orders
as its competitors, it may hurt the Company’s competitive or incur significant expenses in implementing remedial and
position. In addition, TSMC’s customers have significantly improvement measures to further enhance its cybersecurity
decreased the time in which their products or services are network, and may also expose the Company to significant
launched into the market. If TSMC is unable to meet these legal liabilities arising from or related to legal proceedings or
shorter product time-to-market, it risks losing these customers. regulatory investigations associated with such breaches.
These factors have also been intensified by the shift of the
global technology market to consumer driven products, such In the past, TSMC has experienced and may in the future be
as smartphones, and increasing competition and concentration subject to attack by malicious software. The Company has
of customers (all further discussed among these risk factors). implemented and continually updates rigorous cybersecurity
measures to prevent and minimize harm caused by such
Also, the uncertainty and instability inherent in advanced attacks. These measures comprehensively enhance security
technologies impose challenges for achieving expected product protection capabilities across internet services, offices, fabs, and
quality and product yield. If TSMC fails to maintain quality, it cloud platforms. In addition, TSMC consistently strengthens
may result in loss of revenue and additional cost, as well as loss the security of its offices, facilities, and data centers worldwide
Safeguard – People, Technology, Information, Physical Resource of business or customer trust. If TSMC is unable to overcome to ensure operational stability and data integrity. As a result,
the above factors, it may become less competitive and its TSMC’s scores in international security assessments are
revenue may decline significantly. significantly higher than the industry average, demonstrating
6.2.2 Strategic Risks the Company’s ongoing commitment to and high regard for
Regarding the response measures for the above-mentioned cybersecurity.
Risks Associated with Changes in Technology and Industry
risks, please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position, Differentiation and
● Industry Developments Strategy” on page 17-19 of this Annual Report. In 2024, TSMC focused on enhancing network security
The electronics industries and semiconductor market are cyclical and subject to significant and often rapid fluctuations in product
visibility in its fabs, improving fab network architecture and
demand, which could impact TSMC’s semiconductor foundry business. Variations in customer order levels may result in volatility in
● IT Security control to prevent the spread of viruses across tools and
the Company’s revenue and earnings.
Even though TSMC has established a comprehensive internet fabs, and conducting comprehensive threat monitoring in
and computing security network, the Company cannot data centers. The Company has implemented automated
From time to time, the electronics and semiconductor industries have experienced significant and occasionally prolonged
guarantee that its computing systems which control or end-to-end scanning protection from offices to data centers,
periods of downturns and overcapacity. Because TSMC is, and will continue to be, dependent on the demand of electronics and
maintain vital corporate functions, such as its manufacturing established robust cloud service security posture management
semiconductor companies for its services, periods of downturns and overcapacity in the general electronics and semiconductor
operations and enterprise accounting, would be completely (tools and practices that monitor, detect, and remediate
industries could lead to reduced demand for overall semiconductor foundry services, including TSMC’s services. If TSMC is not able
immune to crippling cyberattacks. In the event of a serious security risks across cloud environments), and adopted secure
to take appropriate actions, such as reducing its costs to sufficiently offset declines in demand, the Company’s revenue, margins and
cyberattack, TSMC’s systems may lose important corporate configurations for unified external website security. TSMC has
earnings will likely suffer during periods of downturns and overcapacity.
data or its production lines may be shut down pending the also implemented device authentication and control in office
resolution of such attack. Major cyberattacks could also lead environments, created a global virtual office environment
● Changes in Technology to loss or divulgence of trade secrets and other sensitive to enable employees to use computers and systems safely
The semiconductor industry and its technologies are constantly changing. TSMC competes by developing process technologies
information, such as proprietary information of its customers and conveniently anytime, anywhere, and adopted proactive
using increasingly advanced nodes and manufacturing products with more functions. The Company also competes by developing
and other stakeholders and personal information of its network defense measures to detect and prevent attackers.
new derivative technologies. If TSMC does not anticipate these changes in technologies and rapidly develop new and innovative
employees. While TSMC seeks to continuously review and Additionally, the Company has identified potential risks
technologies, or the Company’s competitors unforeseeably gain sudden access to additional technologies, TSMC may not be able
assess its cybersecurity policies and procedures to ensure their from a hacker’s perspective, conducted external red team
132 133
erutluC
tneiliseR
強化營運韌性
營運持續管理指導委員會
營運持續
營運持續管理執行委員會
治理
營運持續管理工作小組
營運持續管理政策與程序
韌
性
文 分析 設計 執行 驗證 審查 營運持續
化 管理流程
‧風險與威脅分析 ‧營運持續目標 ‧訓練與意識活動 ‧系統績效監測與管理
‧營運衝擊分析 ‧基礎設施設計 ‧制定並執行營運持 ‧事件學習 ‧管理審查
‧預防與控制 續計畫 ‧持續改善
‧溝通
緊急應變 危機處理 營運持續與復原 技術與資訊韌性 網路韌性 供應鏈韌性 核心能力
保護－人員、技術、資訊、實體資源
Business Continuity Management Framework
BCM Steering Committee
BCM
BCM Executive Council
Governance
BCM Taskforces
BCM Policy & Procedures
Analysis Design Implementation Validation Review BCM
Process
• Risk & Threat • BC Objectives • Training and Awareness • Exercise / Testing • Program Performance
Assessment • Infrastructure • BC Plans Development & • Lessons Learned Monitoring & Management
• Business Impact Design Implementation • Management Review
Analysis • Preventions / • Communications • Continuous Improvement
Mitigations
Core
Emergency Crisis Business Continuity Technology & Data Cyber Supply Chain
Response Management & Recovery Resilience Resilience Resilience Capabilities

[TABLE START]

緊急應變	危機處理	營運持續與復原	技術與資訊韌性	網路韌性	供應鏈韌性
BCM Steering Committee
BCM Executive Council
BCM Taskforces	BCM
Governance
BCM Policy & Procedures
Analysis Design Implementation Validation Review
• Risk & Threat • BC Objectives • Training and Awareness • Exercise / Testing • Program Performance
Assessment • Infrastructure • BC Plans Development & • Lessons Learned Monitoring & Management
• Business Impact Design Implementation • Management Review
Analysis • Preventions / • Communications • Continuous Improvement
Mitigations	BCM
Process
Emergency Crisis Business Continuity Technology & Data Cyber Supply Chain
Response Management & Recovery Resilience Resilience Resilience	Core
Capabilities
Emergency
Response	Crisis
Management

[TABLE END]


--- Page 69 ---

(cyberattack simulation) testing, and continually assessed its Risks Associated with Decrease in Demand and Average proposed loans. In December 2024, European Semiconductor Risks Associated with Changes in the Government
security posture. TSMC has implemented application quality Selling Price Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH (“ESMC”), TSMC’s Policies and Regulatory Environment
measures, enhanced the security and efficiency of the software A vast majority of the Company’s revenue is derived from subsidiary in Germany, entered into an agreement with the TSMC management closely monitors all domestic and foreign
development process, and introduced new technologies to customers who use TSMC products in HPC (including AI Federal Republic of Germany for the receipt of up to EUR5 governmental policies and regulations that might impact
strengthen data protection, ensuring that the protection of applications), smartphones, IoT, automotive, and digital billion state aid under the European Chips Act (Regulation (EU) TSMC’s business and financial operations. During 2024 and
TSMC’s critical data complies with international standards and consumer electronics. Any deterioration in or a slowdown 2023/1781). Although governments in certain of the countries as of the date of this Annual Report, the following changes or
improving overall employee security awareness. in the growth of such end markets resulting in a substantial or regions where TSMC is currently expanding or planning to developments in governmental policies and regulations may
decrease in the demand for overall global semiconductor expand its production capacity have extended or may in the influence the Company’s business operations:
To reduce supply chain risks, TSMC collaborates with key foundry services, including TSMC products and services, future extend certain financial incentives to the Company,
suppliers to assist them in improving their information could adversely affect the Company’s revenue. Further, there is no assurance that TSMC will be able to receive such The manufacturing, assembling and testing of TSMC’s products
security maturity. In 2024, TSMC organized a cybersecurity semiconductor manufacturing facilities require substantial financial incentives, including pursuant to the U.S. CHIPS Act, require the use of chemicals and materials that are subject to
workshop for suppliers, sharing network security defense investment to construct and are largely fixed cost assets at the levels the Company anticipate or at all. Additionally, any environmental, climate related, health and safety laws and
solutions and practices. Nearly 800 participants from close to once they are in operation. Because TSMC owns most of its financial incentives the Company receives may be subject to regulations issued worldwide as well as international accords
500 suppliers attended the workshop, which received high manufacturing capacities, a significant portion of its operating conditions and requirements imposed by the grantors, such as such as the Paris Agreement. The Climate Change Response Act
recognition from the suppliers. This effort not only enhanced costs is fixed. In general, these costs do not decline when restrictions on the expansion of facilities in foreign countries of of the R.O.C., effective since 2015 and amended in February
the security capabilities of the suppliers but also strengthened customer demand or its capacity utilization rates drop, and concern and on joint research and technology licensing efforts 2023, set a goal of reaching net-zero emissions in Taiwan by
the trust and communication between TSMC and its suppliers, thus declines in customer demand, among other factors, may with foreign entities of concern on any technology or product 2050 and established a carbon fee system to collect carbon
thereby promoting the information security resilience of the significantly decrease the Company’s margins. Conversely, that raises national security concerns. Noncompliance with fee. For emitters with direct and indirect emissions exceeding
entire supply chain. In 2024, TSMC further signed the MOU, as product demand rises and factory utilization increases, the terms and conditions of the grants that the Company may a certain threshold, carbon fees will be levied starting from
memorandum of cybersecurity cooperation with the National the fixed costs are spread over increased output, which can receive could result in a delay or forfeiture of all or a portion 2025. As TSMC’s emissions from each fab in Taiwan exceed the
Institute of Cyber Security. The two parties will enhance improve the Company’s margins. In addition, the historical of any future amounts to be received, as well as obligate us current regulatory threshold, we will start to pay carbon fees
information security professional capabilities and protection trend of declining average selling prices (ASP) of end-use to repay all or a portion of amounts already received pursuant from 2026 (for the 2025 fees), which will result in increased
capabilities through joint information security defense, applications places downward pressure on the prices of the to the grants. Even if the Company satisfies the conditions operating costs for us. Also, the R.O.C. legislative authority is
and deepen industrial supply chain information security components that go into such applications. Decreases in the and requirements for the funding disbursement, it is possible regularly reviewing various environmental issues to develop
management and protection. TSMC continues to strengthen ASP of end-use applications may increase pricing pressure on that the grantor may delay the disbursement or be unable to laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and
its own and supply chain information security and fulfill its components produced by TSMC, which, in turn, may negatively provide the funding. While the Company expects to continue climate changes. The impact of such laws and regulations is
corporate social responsibilities. Starting from 2021, TSMC impact its revenue, margin and earnings. benefiting from government incentives, failure to obtain grants currently indeterminable.
has won the TCSA Taiwan Corporate Sustainability Award – that the Company seeks, to fully utilize available grants, or to
Information Security Leadership Award for four consecutive Risks Associated with Competition comply with the terms and conditions of grants, could impact It is not expected that other governmental policies or
years. The competition in the semiconductor foundry segment is the Company’s ability to achieve its goals for the projects that regulatory changes would materially impact TSMC’s operations
fierce. TSMC competes with other foundry service providers, would otherwise benefit from grant funding and could has or financial condition.
In addition, TSMC employs certain third-party service providers as well as a number of integrated device manufacturers. Some an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and
for the Company and its affiliates worldwide with whom it of these companies may have access to more advanced or financial condition. 6.2.3 Operational Risks
needs to share highly sensitive and confidential information different technologies than the Company. Other companies
Natural and Man-Made Disaster
to enable them to provide the relevant services. While TSMC may have greater financial and other resources than the Moreover, the Company’s competitors may, from time to
TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience in
requires such third-party service providers to strictly fulfill Company, such as the possibility of receiving direct or indirect time, also decide to undertake aggressive pricing initiatives in
accordance with business continuity management standards
the confidentiality and/or internet security requirements in government subsidies, economic stimulus funds, or other one or several technology nodes. The Company’s competitors
that equips it with the capability to respond effectively to
its service agreements with them, there is no assurance that incentives that may be unavailable to TSMC. The governments may also compete for its customers who seek to diversify
business disruption. Disruptions caused by natural and
each of them will comply with such obligations. Moreover, of the United States, China, Europe, South Korea and Japan their supply chains. These competitive activities may decrease
man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding,
such third-party service providers may also be susceptible provide various incentive programs to promote developments TSMC’s customer base, its pricing, or both. If the Company
typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic
to cyberattacks. If TSMC or its service providers are not able of their domestic semiconductor industries, such as the is unable to compete effectively with such competitors on
eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage or spill, pandemic,
to timely resolve the respective technical difficulties caused Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors and technology, manufacturing capacity, product quality, supply
cyberattacks, supply chain disruption, geopolitical tensions,
by such cyberattacks, or ensure the integrity and availability Science Act of 2022 (the U.S. CHIPS Act), which provides chain diversification and resilience, and customer satisfaction, it
sabotage, terrorism, failure of critical facilities and equipment,
of its data (and data belonging to its customers and other financial incentives to incentivize the development of U.S. risks losing customers or business to such contenders.
disruptions in utilities, such as water, electricity and natural
third parties) or maintain control of its or its service providers’ semiconductor industry. In November 2024, TSMC Arizona
gas, etc., could interrupt our operations.
computing systems, the Company’s commitments to its Corporation (“TSMC Arizona”) entered into agreements with
customers and other stakeholders may be materially impaired the U.S. Department of Commerce for the receipt of certain
and its results of operations, financial condition, prospects and incentives pursuant to the U.S. CHIPS Act, which includes up to
reputation may also be materially and adversely affected. US$6.6 billion in total direct funding and up to US$5 billion of
134 135

--- Page 70 ---

Most of TSMC’s production facilities, as well as those of measures taken by governments in response to such severe from explosion, fire, or environmental influences. Although Risks Associated with Construction of New Fabs
many of its suppliers, customers and upstream providers of weather events may materially affect TSMC’s operations and TSMC maintains multiple layers of risk prevention and The Company has multiple expansion projects that are currently
complementary semiconductor manufacturing services, are its suppliers’ production. For example, the measures taken protection, as well as fire and casualty insurance, TSMC’s underway, including the design and construction of new fabs
located in areas susceptible to natural disasters and may face by governments in response to droughts, including water risk management and insurance coverage may not always worldwide. Global expansion has required and will continue to
potential shortages of electricity and/or water, which could rationing and conservation, may cause interruption to TSMC’s be sufficient to cover all of its potential losses. If any of require considerable managerial, financial and other resources.
cause interruptions to TSMC’s operations. In April 2024 and operations or its expansion plans. TSMC’s fabs or vendor facilities were to be damaged or cease The Company expects to face particular challenges in global
January 2025, several earthquakes struck Taiwan, causing operations as a result of an explosion, fire or environmental expansion and operations, including but not limited to:
damage to our inventories, plant facilities, machinery and If such events were to occur over prolonged periods of causes, it could reduce the TSMC’s manufacturing capacity ● h igher costs associated with construction of new fabs,
equipment. We recognized approximately NT$3 billion and time, TSMC’s operations and financial performance may be leading to the loss of important sales and customers and have establishing supply chains for various materials in different
NT$5.3 billion in losses from earthquakes, net of insurance materially adversely affected. Moreover, TSMC’s future capacity a negative impact on TSMC’s financial performance. overseas locations, the impact on the Company’s ability to
claim, respectively, in the second quarter of 2024 and the first expansions in Taiwan and elsewhere could be curtailed by sustain its current level of productivity and manufacturing
quarter of 2025. utility shortages. TSMC continues to monitor key disruptive threats to its efficiency provided by its ecosystem of interconnected
business operations and adapt the plans to ensure operational semiconductor fabs, employees and suppliers in the R.O.C.,
If one or more natural disasters result in a prolonged disruption TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity resilience. and recruiting and retaining talent in various overseas
to TSMC’s operations or those of its customers or suppliers, management, which includes periodic risk assessments locations;
or if any of its fabs or vendor facilities were to be damaged or and mitigations, implementing centralized scenario Risks Associated with Capacity Expansion ● labor shortages, interruptions in the supply chains for various
cease operations as a result of an unforeseen disruptive event, planning for business continuity management exercises, TSMC performs long-term market demand forecasts on materials, and construction issues, which could substantially
it could reduce TSMC’s manufacturing capacity and cause and the establishment of taskforces. The taskforces define a regular basis for its products and services to manage its delay the completion of the Company’s expansion projects,
the loss of important customers and thereby have an adverse, emergency response, crisis communication, recovery plans overall capacity. Based on market demand, the Company and could further result in substantial additional costs or
material impact on its operational and financial performance. and preventative measures based on the thorough analysis has continued to add capacity to meet market needs for its failure to meet its capacity expansion plans;
of derivative effects and alternative solutions to ensure the products and services, including in Taiwan, in Arizona, U.S., in ● d isruptions to the Company’s operations caused by natural
To cope with possible droughts resulted from severe climate impacts to lives, business operations and assets are minimized. Kumamoto, Japan and in Dresden, Germany. or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding,
change, TSMC implemented manufacturing process water TSMC reviews periodically its business continuity plans and typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires,
saving, as well as building up industrial water recycling plants, refines them to reflect exercise results and implementation. Implementing these capacity expansion plans will increase volcanic eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage or spill,
using household water and cooperating with government In response to the impact of the earthquakes that occurs in its costs, and the increases may be substantial. For example, pandemic, cyberattacks, supply chain disruption, geopolitical
to mitigate water shortage risk. As part of TSMC’s business Taiwan and Japan, TSMC continues to improve its earthquake the Company would need to build new facilities, purchase tensions, labor issues, sabotage, failure of critical facilities
continuity plans, measures taken include water conservation emergency response, tool anchorage and seismic isolation additional equipment and hire and train personnel to operate and equipment and disruptions in utilities, such as water,
measures, use of alternative water sources. Close monitoring of facilities, and readiness for tool salvage and production the new equipment. If TSMC does not increase its net revenue electricity and natural gas, etc.;
water situation including stress testing and exercises are carried recovery. These improvements have been integrated into new accordingly, its financial performance may be adversely ● s carcity of industrial-use land, which could limit the
out to validate our response plan. fab design and processes. affected by these increased costs. Company’s future expansion of operations;
● c ompliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, and
TSMC has occasionally suffered power outages, dips or surges TSMC maintains a comprehensive risk management system In addition, market conditions are dynamic, and TSMC’s the risk of penalties if the Company’s practices are deemed
caused by difficulties encountered by its electricity supplier dedicated to human safety, the conservation of natural market demand forecasts may change significantly at any time. not to be in compliance;
or other power consumers on the same power grid. Some resources and the protection of property. In order to During periods of decreased demand, certain manufacturing ● c hallenges in managing information technology infrastructure
of these incidents have resulted in interruptions to TSMC’s cope effectively with emergencies and natural disasters, lines or tools in some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities in multiple locations and across different systems and risks
operations. Such outages, shortages or interruptions in management at each facility has developed comprehensive may be suspended or shut down temporarily. However, if of our information technology infrastructure succumbing to
electricity supply could further be exacerbated by changes in plans and procedures that focus on risk prevention, demand subsequently increases rapidly over a short period cyberattacks worldwide;
the energy policy of the governments. If TSMC is unable to emergency response, crisis management and business of time, TSMC may not be able to restore the capacity in ● a dverse changes relating to government grants or other
secure reliable and uninterrupted supply of electricity to power continuity. All TSMC manufacturing fabs have been ISO a timely manner to take advantage of the upturn. In such government incentives, including non-receipt, delay and
its manufacturing fabs, its ability to fill customers’ orders 14001 certified (environmental management) and ISO 45001 circumstances, its financial performance and competitiveness potential claw backs of government subsidies;
would be jeopardized. Moreover, TSMC has encountered and certified (occupational health and safety management). All may be adversely affected. ● c hallenges in creating an inclusive workplace in new sites to
may continue to encounter increases in the prices of utilities. manufacturing fabs in Taiwan have also been TOSHMS (Taiwan embrace the cultural differences and managing the operation
For example, effective from April 1, 2024, TSMC is subject to Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certified. In order to mitigate the risk associated with capacity expansion, over large geographic distances and in context of different
a higher electricity tariff rate in Taiwan, which is estimated to New fabs will also attain the above certifications within 18 TSMC continuously watches for changes in market conditions employment practices and labor laws and regulations;
increase by 25%, as compared to the tariff rate applicable to months after acquiring factory registration certification. and works closely with its customers. When market demand ● limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or
the Company in 2023. The increased prices for electricity could is not as expected, the Company tries to adjust its capacity difficulties enforcing the Company’s rights to intellectual
increase TSMC’s manufacturing costs and therefore adversely TSMC and many of its suppliers use flammable and toxic plans in a timely manner to reduce the impact on its financial property; and
impact TSMC’s financial results. In addition, due to climate materials in their manufacturing processes and are therefore performance. ● e xposure to different tax jurisdictions and potential adverse
change, severe weather events, such as droughts, and any subject to risks that cannot be completely eliminated arising tax consequences.
136 137

--- Page 71 ---

If TSMC is unable to overcome the above challenges, the those customers or reduce those customers’ demand for TSMC not only operates world-class manufacturing process Risks Associated with Intellectual Property Rights
Company’s business, financial condition and results of TSMC’s products and services and thus impact their business and facilities but needs sufficient world-class high-quality raw The Company’s ability to compete successfully and to achieve
operations could be adversely affected. operations. materials. As a result, TSMC engages early and extensively with future growth depends in part on the continued strength of
primary suppliers on managing quality and capacity issues so as its intellectual property portfolio. While the Company actively
Risks Associated with Sales Concentration The loss of, or significant curtailment of purchases by, one or to be prepared for any unexpected need to ramp up or curtail enforces and protects its intellectual property rights, there can
Over the years, the Company’s customer profile and the more of the Company’s top customers including curtailments production. To streamline supply chain risk, the Company be no assurance that its efforts will be adequate to prevent
nature of the Company’s customers’ business have changed due to increased competitive pressures, industry consolidation, communicates early on with major material suppliers regarding the misappropriation or improper use of its proprietary
dramatically. While TSMC generates revenue from hundreds of changes in applicable regulatory restrictions, product designs, quality and capacity topics and has formed a dedicated team technologies, software, trade secrets or know-how. Also, the
customers worldwide, TSMC’s ten largest customers in 2022, manufacturing sourcing or outsourcing policies or practices for supplier plant onsite or remote audits to extend supply Company cannot assure you that, as its business or business
2023 and 2024 accounted for approximately, 68%, 70% and of these customers, the timing of customer inventory chain best practices to its upstream suppliers. In addition, models expand into new areas, it will be able to develop
76% of TSMC’s net revenue in the respective year. TSMC’s adjustments, or changes in its major customers’ business in response to the rapid increase or decrease in production independently the technologies, patents, software, trade
largest customer in 2022, 2023 and 2024 accounted for 23%, models, may adversely affect TSMC’s results of operations and capacity of new products, TSMC has continued to improve its secrets or know-how necessary to conduct its business or that
25% and 22% of the Company’s net revenue in the respective financial condition. inventory monitoring system to achieve more accurate demand it can do so without unknowingly infringing the intellectual
year. TSMC’s second largest customer in 2022, 2023 and 2024 forecasts and ensure that the supply chain maintains sufficient property rights of others. As a result, the Company may has
accounted for less than 10%, 11% and 12% of TSMC’s net Risks Associated with Purchasing Concentration inventory levels. The Company also performs supply chain to rely on, to a certain degree, licensed technologies and
revenue in the respective year. ● Raw Materials risk assessments to ensure that critical suppliers meet various patent licenses from others. To the extent that the Company
TSMC’s production operations require that it obtain standards in labor, ethics, environmental, safety and health relies on licenses from others, there can be no assurance that
A more concentrated customer base will subject TSMC’s adequate supplies of raw materials, such as silicon wafers, (ESH) practices and business continuity plans (BCPs). it will be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses in
revenue to seasonal demand fluctuations from the Company’s gases, chemicals and photoresist, on a timely basis and at the future on terms it considers reasonable or at all. The lack
large customers, and cause different seasonal patterns in the commercially reasonable prices. In the past, shortages in ● Equipment of necessary licenses could expose the Company to claims
Company’s business. This customer concentration results in the supply of some materials, whether by specific suppliers The Company’s operations and ongoing expansion plans for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as
part from the changing dynamics of the electronics industry or by the semiconductor industry generally, have resulted in depend on its ability to obtain necessary equipment and claims for indemnification by its customers in instances where
with the structural shift to mobile and HPC devices and occasional industry-wide price adjustments and delivery delays. related services available from a limited number of suppliers. As it has contractually agreed to indemnify its customers against
applications and software that provide the content for such Moreover, major natural disasters, trade barriers and political a result, TSMC may encounter the situation of limited supply damages resulting from infringement claims.
devices. or economic turmoil, including military conflicts and inflation, and/or long delivery cycles. To better manage its supply chain,
occurring within the country of origin of such raw materials the Company evaluates and projects delivery lead times to The Company has received, from time to time, communications
There are only a limited number of customers who are may also significantly disrupt the availability of such raw minimize the impact of supply chain risks on operating costs. from third parties, including non-practicing entities
successfully exploiting this new business model paradigm. Also, materials or increase their prices. Also, since TSMC procures TSMC has also implemented various collaborative business and semiconductor companies, asserting that TSMC’s
TSMC has seen changes in the nature of its customers’ business some of its raw materials from sole-sourced suppliers, there is a models and risk management contingencies with suppliers technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design IPs
models in response to this new business model paradigm. For risk that the Company’s needs for such raw materials may not to ensure supply and shorten the procurement lead time. of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those
example, there is a growing trend among system companies be met or that back-up supplies may not be readily available. To enhance its sourcing capabilities for its global sites, the semiconductors by its customers may infringe their patents
designing their own semiconductors and working directly with Importation and domestic production limitations may also company has also taken steps to strengthen its understanding or other intellectual property rights. Because of the nature
the semiconductor foundries, which makes their products and restrict the Company’s ability to obtain adequate supplies of of local regulations, policies, and supply chains. However, if of the industry, its market position, and the expansion of its
services more marketable in a changing consumer market. raw materials as well as materials of the necessary quality. TSMC is unable to acquire in a timely manner the equipment manufacturing operations outside of Taiwan, the Company
These shifting business models could lead to significant In addition, recent trade tensions could result in increased and parts it needs, it may fail to successfully implement may receive an increased number of such communications
variations in our sales if the growth of their products and prices or even unavailability of raw materials due to tariffs, capacity expansion plans and exploit time sensitive business in the future. The assertions made and lawsuits initiated by
services, particularly in the AI sector, is volatile or not export control or other non-tariff barriers. TSMC’s revenue and opportunities. Additionally, ongoing trade tensions could result litigious, well-funded, non-practicing entities are particularly
sustainable. earnings could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain in increased prices for, or even unavailability of, key equipment, aggressive in their monetary demand and in seeking
adequate supplies of the necessary raw materials in a timely through delay or denial of necessary export licenses, adoption court-issued injunctions. Such lawsuits and assertions may
Also, since the global semiconductor industry has become manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of raw of additional export control measures and other tariff or increase TSMC’s cost of doing business and may potentially
increasingly competitive, some of TSMC’s customers have materials. To reduce the supply chain risk and to manage costs non-tariff barriers. If TSMC is unable to obtain equipment in a be extremely disruptive if these asserting entities succeed in
engaged in industry consolidations in order to remain effectively, TSMC commits resources toward developing new timely fashion to fulfill its customers’ demand for technology blocking the trade of products made and services offered
competitive. Such consolidations have taken the form of supply sources and developing a future capacity plan with and production capacity, or unable to do so at a reasonable by TSMC. Also, with the expansion of its manufacturing
mergers and acquisitions. If more of TSMC’s major customers qualified raw material suppliers. Furthermore, the Company cost, its financial condition and results of operations could be operations into certain non-R.O.C. jurisdictions, it has faced
consolidate, this will further decrease the overall number of the continually encourages its suppliers to reduce their supply negatively impacted. increased challenges in managing risks of intellectual property
Company’s customer pool. In addition, regulatory restrictions, chain risk by decentralizing production plants to improve their misappropriation. Despite our efforts to adopt robust measures
such as export controls directed at TSMC’s major customers, cost competitiveness and to support TSMC global demands in to mitigate the risk of intellectual property misappropriation
could impact the Company’s ability to supply products to a timely fashion.
138 139

--- Page 72 ---

in such new jurisdictions, we cannot guarantee that the In February 2025, Longitude Licensing Ltd. and Marlin outstanding operations, rigorous corporate governance and the fifth annual ESG Award generated 4,330 innovative ideas,
protection measures we adopted will be sufficient to prevent Semiconductor Limited (collectively, “Marlin”) filed complaints dedication to sustainable responsibility by serving as a good adding new energy to the Company’s culture of sustainability.
us from potential infringements by others, or at all. with the U.S. International Trade Commission (“ITC”) and the corporate citizen. TSMC continues to pursue innovation in
U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging economic, environmental and social dimensions. TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience and
If the Company fails to obtain or maintain certain technologies that TSMC and its customers infringe five U.S. patents. The ITC business continuity by following standards that enable the
or intellectual property licenses or fails to prevent our instituted an investigation on March 21, 2025. The outcome In 2024, TSMC was honored with numerous awards Company to respond effectively to major risks of natural and
intellectual property from being misappropriated and, if cannot be determined, and we cannot make a reliable estimate and citations for achievements in various areas including man-made disasters, including earthquakes, floods, typhoons,
litigation relating to alleged intellectual property matters of the contingent liability at this time. operations, corporate governance, patents, profit growth, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic eruptions,
occurs, it could: (1) prevent the Company from manufacturing investor relations, environmental protection, and corporate fire, gas/chemical leaks or spills, pandemics, cyber-attacks,
particular products or selling particular services or applying Other than the matter described above, as of the date of this sustainability. The Company was selected as a part of the supply chain disruption, geopolitical tension, sabotage,
particular technologies; and (2) reduce our ability to compete Annual Report, TSMC is not currently a party to any other Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 24th consecutive failure of critical facilities and equipment, and shortages in
effectively against entities benefiting from our misappropriated material legal proceedings. year. TSMC won first place in CommonWealth magazine’s utilities such as water, electricity and natural gas. TSMC also
intellectual property, which could reduce its opportunities to Talent Sustainability award for the second year in a row and implements pre-crisis risk assessment, response procedures
generate revenue. Risks Associated with Mergers and Acquisitions also received the Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy’s and recovery plans. In major incidents or crisis events, TSMC
In 2024 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC had Corporate Sustainability award for 2024. The Company earned adheres to established crisis management guidelines. The
The Company has taken related measures to minimize potential not conducted any merger or acquisition. top honors for the Taiwan Top Ten Sustainability Exemplary, central crisis command center (C4), led by the Chairman
loss of shareholder value arising from intellectual property as well as awards for Corporate Sustainability Report, and CEO and consisting of senior executives from key
claims and litigation filed against it. These measures include: Risks Associated with Talent Recruitment climate leadership, circular economy leadership, supply chain functions, provides guidance and decision-making to ensure
strategically obtaining licenses from certain semiconductor TSMC relies on the continued services and contributions management, sustainable water management and information response readiness, including timely communication with key
and other technology companies as needed; timely securing of its management team, as well as skilled technical and security leadership. In addition, The S&P Global ranked TSMC stakeholders. In 2024, TSMC received a rating of Low ESG Risk
intellectual property rights originating within and outside professional personnel. The Company’s business could in the top ten percent of its Sustainability Yearbook Award for from Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings.
of TSMC for defensive and/or offensive protection of TSMC suffer from the inability to fulfill personnel needs with high 2024. The Company also ranked in the top five percent of the
technology and business; and aggressively defending against quality professionals in a timely fashion caused by the loss Taiwan Stock Exchange corporate governance evaluation. The TSMC’s environment, safety and health committee holds
baseless litigation. of personnel, talent shortages, illegal talent poaching, Company was named a member of Fortune’s 2024 World’s monthly meetings to coordinate with relevant departments
immigration controls, or related changes in market demand Most Admired Companies and the Fortune Global 500 and in each fab to conduct emergency response drills and
Risks Associated with Litigious and Non-litigious Matters for our products and services. Since there is fierce competition was rated as “Prime” by ISS ESG Corporate Rating; TSMC continuously improve their notification and operational
As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor for talent recruitment, the Company cannot ensure timely was a member of PricewaterhouseCoopers’ Global Top 100 procedures. This ensures clear channels of communication to
industry, the Company has received from time to time fulfillment of its personnel demand. Companies by market capitalization and a member of the stakeholders in case a crisis arises, with the public relations
communications from third parties asserting that its 2024 Carbon Clean 200TM list issued by the media research division serving as the designated gateway for external
technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design In order to reduce the risk of talent shortage, TSMC encourages company Corporate Knights and the non-profit As You Sow communications.
of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those job rotation and employs an on-the-job training and organization. The Company was also honored as part of
semiconductors by its customers may infringe upon their certification system. In this way, employees can continuously the World Benchmarking Alliance’s SDG2000, the 2,000 TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity
patents or other intellectual property rights. These assertions learn and enhance their work efficiency and effectiveness in Most Influential Companies, and in Morgan Stanley Capital management, which includes periodic risk assessments and
have at times resulted in litigation by or against the Company the workplace. Moreover, TSMC creates multiple recruitment International’s All Country World Index ESG Leaders, while mitigations, implementing centralized scenario planning
and settlement payments by the Company. Irrespective of the channels and continues to hire diverse top-notch, talented being ranked AAA by MSCI Research in its ESG Indexes. for business continuity management exercises, and the
validity of these claims, the Company could incur significant professionals from Taiwan and overseas. At the same time, the establishment of task forces. TSMC has also deepened the
costs in the defense thereof or could suffer adverse effects Company continues to expand industry-academic cooperation To promote sustainability, TSMC’s ESG Steering Committee, risk management mechanisms of its overseas subsidiaries and
on its operations. The Company is also subject to antitrust to meet outstanding talent at an early phase to recruit them in led by Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dr. C.C. Wei, offices by conducting risk management and business continuity
compliance requirements and scrutiny by governmental the future. presented the fifth TSMC ESG Award in 2024, honoring management workshops and incident commander training.
regulators in multiple jurisdictions. Any adverse results of such internal organizations and divisions for tangible achievements These efforts aim to fortify operational resilience and raise risk
proceeding or other similar proceedings that may arise in Future R&D Plans and Expected R&D Spending in the Company’s five ESG strategic directions: drive green awareness of operational preparedness across TSMC’s global
those jurisdictions could harm TSMC’s business and distract its For additional details, see “5.2.7 Future R&D Plans” on page manufacturing, build a responsible supply chain, create footprint.
management, and thereby have a material adverse effect on its 105 of this Annual Report. a healthy and inclusive workplace, develop talent, and
results of operations or prospects, and subject the Company to care for the disadvantaged. At the same time, this award If the aforementioned crisis occurs, relevant personnel at
potential significant legal liability. Changes in Corporate Reputation and Impact on the presentation encouraged all employees to propose new ideas TSMC’s headquarters and global operating locations can
Company’s Crisis Management for sustainability to be assessed for feasibility and potential deploy comprehensive emergency response measures to
Currently, TSMC’s material legal proceeding is as follows: TSMC has established an excellent reputation worldwide based incorporation in the Company’s implementation plans. eliminate or minimize the impact on personnel safety,
on its core values of integrity, commitment, innovation and Compared to 3,166 sustainability proposals in the fourth year, environment, property and operations. Responders also involve
customer trust. The Company’s positive image also reflects
140 141

--- Page 73 ---

the public relations division from the initial stage to ensure impedes TSMC’s ability to fully ensure that semiconductors TSMC believes that climate change should be regarded as a these hedges can offset only a limited portion of the financial
timely, clear, and consistent external communication regarding manufactured by it will not be diverted to unintended end use significant corporate risk that must be managed to improve impact from movements in interest rates.
the situation. or end-user, including potentially by its business partners, or competitiveness. For TSMC’s climate change related risks
by third parties with an intent of circumvention. In addition, if and control measures, see the Climate Change and Energy ● Foreign Exchange Volatility
Risks Associated with Change in Management TSMC or TSMC’s business partners fail to obtain appropriate Management section under “7.2.1 Environmental Protection” Substantially all of TSMC’s sales are denominated in U.S. dollars
In 2024 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there were import, export or re-export licenses or permits or are found to on page 154-155 of this Annual Report. and over half of its capital expenditures are denominated in
no such risks for TSMC. have violated applicable export control or sanctions laws, TSMC currencies other than the NT dollar, primarily in U.S. dollars,
may also be adversely affected, through reputational harm as 6.2.4 Financial Risks Euros and Japanese yen. As a result, any significant fluctuations
Risks Regarding Non-Compliance with Export Control, well as other negative consequences, including government to its disadvantage in the exchange rate of the NT dollar
Economic Risks
Environmental and Climate Change Related Laws, investigations and penalties resulting from relevant legal against such currencies, in particular a weakening of the U.S.
Any future systemic political, economic or financial crisis or
Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain proceedings, as described in the above paragraph. In October dollar against the NT dollar, would have an adverse impact on
market volatility, including but not limited to interest rate
Requisite Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business 2024, TSMC notified relevant U.S. and Taiwan authorities the Company’s revenue and operating profit as expressed in NT
and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation or deflation
Because TSMC engages in manufacturing activities in multiple that one type of its customer’s chip manufactured by it might dollars. For example, every one percent depreciation of the U.S.
or changes in economic, fiscal and monetary policies in
jurisdictions and conducts business with its customers have been diverted to a restricted entity or incorporated dollar against the NT dollar would result in an approximately
major economies, could cause revenue or profits for the
located worldwide, such activities are subject to a myriad of into a restricted entity’s product, and since then has been 0.4 percentage point decrease in the Company’s operating
semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically.
governmental regulations. For example, the manufacturing, cooperating with the authorities’ requests for additional margin based on its 2024 results.
If the economic conditions or financial conditions of the
assembling and testing of TSMC’s products require the use information and documents. Despite TSMC’s best efforts to
Company’s customers were to deteriorate, the demand for its
of equipment that is subject to export control laws and comply with all relevant export control and sanctions laws and Conversely, if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly versus
products and services may decrease and additional accounting
regulations, as well as metals, chemicals, and materials that are regulations, there is no assurance that its business activities other major currencies, the demand for the products and
related allowances may be required, which could reduce
subject to environmental, climate-related, health and safety, will not be found incompliant with export control laws and services of TSMC’s customers and for its goods and services
TSMC’s operating income and net income.
and humanitarian forced labor prohibition and conflict-free regulations. will likely decrease, which will negatively affect the Company’s
sourcing laws, regulations and guidelines issued worldwide. revenue. TSMC uses foreign currency derivatives contracts, such
The Company’s failure to comply with any such laws or Complying with applicable laws and regulations, such as ● Interest Rate Fluctuation as currency forwards or currency swaps, and non-derivative
TSMC is exposed to interest rate risks primarily in relation to its
regulations, as amended from time to time, and its failure to environmental and climate related laws and regulations, could financial instruments, such as foreign currency denominated
investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest
comply with any information and document sharing requests also require TSMC, among other things, to do the following: debts, to protect against currency exchange rate risks
rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash and
from the relevant authorities in a timely manner could result in: (1) purchase, use or install remedial equipment; (2) implement associated with non-NT dollar-denominated monetary assets
cash equivalents and fixed income securities, the fair value of
● significant penalties and legal liabilities, such as the denial remedial programs such as climate change mitigation and liabilities, net investments in foreign operations, and
those securities, as well as the interest paid on its debt.
of import or export permits or third party private lawsuits, programs and air pollution reduction plans; (3) modify its certain forecasted transactions. These hedges reduce, but do
criminal or administrative proceedings; product designs and manufacturing processes, or incur other not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange
The objective of TSMC’s investment policy is to achieve a
● the temporary or permanent suspension of production of the significant expenses such as paying any incurred carbon fees rate movements on its assets and liabilities.
return that will allow the Company to preserve principal and
affected products; if the Company’s emission levels exceed applicable thresholds,
support liquidity requirements. The policy generally requires
● the temporary or permanent inability to procure or use and obtaining renewable energy sources, renewable energy Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar
the Company to invest in investment grade securities and limits
certain production critical chemicals or materials; certificates or carbon credits, substitute raw materials or and the NT dollar may affect the U.S. dollar value of the
the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The majority
● unfavorable alterations in TSMC’s manufacturing, fabrication chemicals that may cost more or be less available for the Company’s common shares and the market price of the
of TSMC’s fixed income investments are fixed-rate securities,
and assembly and test processes; Company’s operations. Company’s American Depositary Shares (ADSs) as well as any
which are classified as financial assets at fair value through
● challenges from its customers that place TSMC at a significant cash dividends paid in NT dollars on TSMC’s common shares
other comprehensive income (FVTOCI) or amortized cost. For
competitive disadvantage, such as loss of actual or potential TSMC’s inability to timely obtain approvals necessary for represented by ADSs.
those fixed income investments classified as financial assets
sales contracts in case the Company is unable to satisfy the the conduct of its business could impair its operational and
at FVTOCI, changes in their fair value are recognized through
applicable legal standard or customer requirement; financial results. For example, if the Company is unable to ● Inflation
other comprehensive income; for those classified as financial
● restrictions on TSMC’s operations or sales; timely obtain environmental related approvals needed to TSMC is subject to the effects of inflation through increases in
assets at amortized cost, changes in their fair value are not
● loss of tax benefits, including termination of current tax undertake the development and construction of a new fab the cost of items such as raw materials and equipment used to
reflected in asset values unless the assets are sold.
incentives, disqualification of tax credit application and or expansion project, then such inability may delay, limit, or produce its products, wage expenses and employee benefits,
repayment of the tax benefits that the Company is not increase the cost of its expansion plans that could also in turn electricity costs, and costs in relation to construction of fabs.
The majority of TSMC’s debt is fixed-rate and measured at
entitled to; and adversely affect its business and operational results. In light Although TSMC does not believe that inflation has had a
amortized cost and, as such, changes in interest rates would
● damages to TSMC’s goodwill and reputation. of increased public interest in environmental issues, TSMC’s material impact on its financial position or results of operations
not affect future cash flows or the carrying amount.
operations and expansion plans may be adversely affected or to date, a high inflation in the future may have an adverse
TSMC’s role in the semiconductor supply chain inherently delayed in response to public concern and social environmental effect on the Company’s ability to maintain current levels of
TSMC has entered and may in the future enter into interest
limits its visibility and information available to it regarding the pressures even if the Company complies with all applicable profit margin if the selling prices of its products and services do
rate derivatives to partially hedge interest rate risk on its fixed
downstream use or user of final products that incorporate laws and regulations. not increase with these increased costs.
income investments and anticipated debt issuance. However,
semiconductors manufactured by it. This constraint
142 143

--- Page 74 ---

● Amendments to Tax Regulations or Implementation of its subsidiaries were solely for TSMC and/or its wholly-owned As of the date of this Annual Report, no single shareholder persons’ activities supporting such facility or semiconductor
New Tax Laws subsidiaries. All guarantees and intercompany loans were in owned 10% or more of TSMC’s total outstanding shares. manufacturing items. In response, TSMC obtained from the
Any amendments to existing tax regulations or the compliance with relevant rules and regulations. U.S. Department of Commerce a Validated End-User (the
implementation of any new tax laws in the jurisdictions in Risks of Trade Policies “VEU”) authorization for TSMC’s fab located in Nanjing, China,
which TSMC operates its business may have an adverse effect To manage risks of various financial transactions, TSMC has As TSMC’s revenue is primarily derived from sales to major which is a permanent authorization that allows TSMC’s fab
on its net income. established internal control policies and procedures based on economies in the world (please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position, in Nanjing to receive exports of eligible items from the U.S.
sound financial and business practices, all in compliance with Differentiation and Strategy” on page 17-19 of this Annual without separate licenses. However, there is no assurance that
While the Company is subject to tax laws and regulations the relevant rules and regulations issued by the R.O.C. Financial Report), any changes in the trade policies (such as the increase the VEU authorization TSMC obtained will not be terminated
in various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts Supervisory Commission. TSMC’s policies and procedures of tariffs on certain products, the implementation of import in the future. The restrictions imposed by the October Rules
business, TSMC’s principal operations are in the R.O.C. and it include Procedures for Financial Derivatives Transactions, and export controls, and the adoption of other trade barriers) on advanced computing ICs are further reinforced by the
is exposed primarily to taxes levied by the R.O.C. government. Procedures for Lending Funds to Other Parties, Procedures of such major economies can affect the sales of TSMC or its U.S.’ new rules issued in January 2025. Under the new rules,
Any unfavorable changes of tax laws and regulations in these for Acquisition or Disposal of Assets, and Procedures for customers and thereby affect TSMC’s operating results. For TSMC may need to obtain an export license prior to shipping
jurisdictions could increase TSMC’s effective tax rate and Endorsement and Guarantee. example, U.S. President Donald Trump announced in 2025 products using 16-nanometer or below process to any global
adversely affect its operating results. Further, changes in the an intention to impose more expansive tariffs on imports destination unless specific conditions are met. As a result,
tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the Risks Associated with Impairment Charges into the United States. Any tariffs imposed on imports of shipments of certain products may be delayed or prohibited
base erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) project that was Under Taiwan-IFRSs, TSMC is required to evaluate its tangible semiconductors and products incorporating chips into the due to the license requirements and the Company’s financial
undertaken by the Organization for Economic Cooperation assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment United States may result in increased costs for purchasing such results may be adversely affected.
and Development (OECD). These changes may increase tax whenever triggering events or changes in circumstances products, which may, in turn, lead to decreased demand for
uncertainty and have an adverse effect on TSMC’s operating indicate that the asset may be impaired. If certain criteria are TSMC’s products and services and adversely affect its business On the other hand, measures adopted by an affected country
results. met, TSMC is required to record an impairment charge. TSMC and future growth. to counteract the impact of another country’s actions
is not able to estimate the extent or timing of any impairment or regulations could lead to significant legal liability to
In order to control tax risk, the Company closely monitors charge for future years. Any impairment charge required may Also, any increase in the use of export control restrictions multinational corporations including our own. For example, in
all domestic and foreign governmental policies and have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income. and sanctions to target certain countries and entities, any January 2021, China adopted a blocking statute that, among
regulations that might impact its financial operations. TSMC expansion of the extraterritorial jurisdiction of such measures, other matters, entitles Chinese entities incurring damages from
has established risk management procedures to collect The determination of an impairment charge at any given or complete or partial ban on semiconductor products sales a multinational’s compliance with foreign laws to seek civil
information, analyze potential tax implications, and develop time is mainly based on the projected results of operations to certain entities could impact not only TSMC’s ability to remedies.
countermeasures. over several years subsequent to that time. Consequently, continue supplying products to those customers, but also our
an impairment charge is more likely to occur during a customers’ demand for our products, and could even lead to Imposition of trade barriers, including protectionist measures,
Risks Associated with External Financing period when the Company’s operating results are otherwise changes in semiconductor supply chains. sanctions and import and export controls (including without
In addition, sufficient external financing may not be available already depressed. In the process of evaluating the potential limitation the export control measures mentioned in the
to the Company on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and For example, the U.S. tightened its export control measures foregoing paragraph), could increase TSMC’s manufacturing
terms to the Company, or at all. If sufficient external financing intangible assets other than goodwill, TSMC determines the against Huawei Technology Co. Ltd. and its affiliates costs, limit TSMC’s access to certain supplies, make TSMC’s
is not available when TSMC needs such financing to meet its independent cash flows, useful lives, expected future revenue (collectively, “Huawei”) in 2020. To comply with relevant pricing less competitive, and impact the sales of TSMC or its
capital requirements, the Company may be forced to curtail and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the laws and regulations, TSMC has discontinued shipment of customers. In 2024 and as of the date of this Annual Report,
its expansion, modify plans or delay the deployment of new or consideration of the nature of semiconductor industry. Any products to Huawei since September 2020. In October 2022 the Company’s current results of operations have not been
expanded services until it obtains such financing. In conclusion, change in these estimates based on changed economic and October 2023, the U.S. adopted additional export controls materially affected by the expanded export control regulations
any of these events, including any future global systemic crisis conditions or business strategies could result in significant (the “October Rules”) over specified countries (including or the novel rules or measures adopted to counteract them.
or further escalation of trade tensions as described above, impairment charges or reversal in future years. China) under the U.S. Export Administration Regulations Nevertheless, depending on future developments in global
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. (“U.S. EAR”) on certain advanced computing integrated trade tensions, such regulations, rules, or measures may have
6.2.5 Other Risks circuits (“ICs”), computer commodities that contain such ICs, an adverse impact on the Company’s business and operations,
Risks Associated with High-Risk/Highly Leveraged and certain semiconductor manufacturing items, as well as and TSMC may incur significant legal liability and financial
Potential Impact and Risks Associated with Sales of
Investments; Lending, Endorsements, and Guarantees controls on transactions involving items for supercomputer losses as a result.
Significant Numbers of Shares by TSMC’s Directors, and/
for Other Parties; and Financial Derivative Transactions and semiconductor manufacturing end-uses. The controls
or Shareholders Who Own 10% or More of TSMC’s Total
In 2024 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC made impose license requirements for items subject to the U.S. TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
Outstanding Shares
no high-risk or highly leveraged financial investments. All EAR where the items are destined to a semiconductor and measures among the relevant major economies and will
The value of TSMC shareholders’ investment may be reduced
financial derivative transactions engaged by TSMC were strictly fabrication facility in China that fabricates ICs meeting take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
by possible future sales of TSMC shares owned by major
for hedging and not for trading or speculative purposes. All specified advanced node parameters as well as for U.S. subsequent developments.
shareholders.
guarantees and intercompany loans provided by TSMC and
144 145

--- Page 75 ---

7
Corporate
Sustainability (ESG)
TSMC is the only semiconductor company to be selected as
a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for 24
consecutive years.
146 147

[TABLE START]



[TABLE END]


--- Page 76 ---

7.1 Overview develop corresponding strategies, goals, and action plans. Progress is monitored through quarterly meetings to ensure effective
implementation of ESG strategies in TSMC’s daily operations. Additionally, the Chairperson of the ESG Committee provides quarterly
In pursuit of its core business achievements, TSMC remains committed to responsible management, guided by three key
updates on execution outcomes and future plans to the Board of Directors/Nominating, Corporate Governance, and Sustainability
missions: Integrity, Strengthen Environmental Protection, and Care for the Underprivileged. The Company actively engages in ESG
Committee. This ongoing communication aims to enhance TSMC’s sustainability management policies, strategies, and objectives,
(environmental, social, governance) management, collaborating with stakeholders including employees, shareholders/investors,
fostering sustainable development.
customers, suppliers/contractors, governments/associations, and communities. TSMC aspires to catalyze sustained positive societal
change, fostering shared value for a sustainable future.
In 2024, TSMC focused primarily on green manufacturing and supply chain management (including climate and nature risk/
opportunity identification and actions, carbon and water footprint management, the Eco Plus! Ecological Harmony Program, and
Guidance for Implementing ESG
value chain decarbonization), inclusive workplaces and talent development (including conducting workplace human rights climate
With the vision of Uplifting Society, TSMC’s ESG Policy serves as the paramount guiding principle for sustainable development.
surveys and strengthening semiconductor industry-academia collaboration). Public welfare contributions (including Teach and
The ESG Matrix, thoughtfully conceived by the Company’s founder, Dr. Morris Chang, delineates the Company’s ESG scope. The
Learn Program and Vocational Training Project,) alongside planning and executing ESG budgets for 2024 and 2025. TSMC employs
horizontal axis represents TSMC’s aspiration to set sustainability benchmarks in seven domains: morality, business ethics, economy,
sustainability reports as a tool for ESG management and has updated themed reports such as the Climate and Nature Report, the
rule of law, sustainability, work-life balance/happiness, and philanthropy. Conversely, the vertical axis showcases specific actions,
UN’s SDG Action Report, the Materiality Analysis Report, the Sustainability Impact Valuation Report, and the Human Rights Report.
including integrity, law compliance, anti-corruption/anti-bribery/anti-cronyism, environmental protection/climate control/energy
conservation, corporate governance, providing well-paying jobs, generating good shareholder return, employee work-life balance,
Stakeholder Engagement
encouraging innovation and a good work environment. Through the TSMC Charity Foundation and the TSMC Education and
TSMC respects all stakeholders’ rights and interests in sustainability issues through diverse communication platforms. These channels
Culture Foundation, the Company actively engages in societal participation, laying the groundwork for a harmonious and virtuous
include a dedicated ESG website, ESG mailbox, Investor Relations mailbox, employee feedback channels, irregular business conduct
society.
reporting system, and the supply chain worker grievance channel. TSMC systematically manages and addresses stakeholders’
concerns through identification, prioritization, and validation.
TSMC ESG Matrix
Work-life Stakeholders and Communication Channels in 2024
Society
Morality Business Ethics Economy Rule of Law Sustainability Balance/ Philanthropy
TSMC
Happiness
Stakeholders Communication Channels
Integrity V V
Employees ●E mployee Opinion Survey on Company Core Values and Employee Engagement Survey
Law Compliance V ●W orkplace Human Rights Climate Survey and Risk-Aware Culture Survey
●E mployee training (forums, lectures, physical and online courses)
Anti-Corruption ●C ommunication meetings for various levels of managers and employees, e.g. the executives communication meeting, skip levels and communication meeting in
Anti-Bribery V V V individual functions or divisions
Anti-Cronyism ●H uman Resources Business Partner Team
●C orporate intranet, internal emails, and other announcement channels (such as promotion posters at facilities), TSMC eSilicon Garden Stories
Environmental Protection ●D iverse communication channels, such as Silicon Garden Meeting (labor-management meeting), Ombudsman System, Whistleblower Procedures, Irregular Business
Climate Control V V Conduct Reporting, Sexual Harassment Investigation Committee, Fab Caring Circle, Employee Opinion Box, Wellness Center, wellness website, employee PIP & IT
Energy Conservation Security mailbox and hotline, Occupational Disease Investigation Committee and Occupational Safety and Health Feedback Channels, etc.
Corporate Governance V V V Shareholders/Investors ●G eneral shareholders’ meeting
Provide Well-Paying Jobs V V ●A V  a n l n u u a a ti l o R n e p Re o p rt o s r , t S , u H s u ta m in a a n b R il i i g ty h R ts e p R o ep rt o s, r t T ), h a e n m d e F R o e r p m o r 2 t 0 s - ( F C l w im it a h t e th a e n U d . N S. a S tu ec re u r R it e ie p s o r a t n , d U N Ex c S h D a G n s g A e c C ti o o m n m Re is p s o io r n ts, Materiality Analysis Reports, Sustainability Impact
Good Shareholder Return V ●E arnings conference
●D omestic and overseas broker conference
Employees’ Work-Life Balance V ●F ace-to-face meetings, video conference calls, telephone conference calls and Investor Relations mailbox
●M ajor announcements on the Market Observation Post System, and corporate press releases on the Company’s website
Encourage Innovation V V
Customers ●C ustomer satisfaction survey
Good Work Environment V ●B usiness and technology assessment
TSMC Charity Foundation V V V
●C ustomer meetings
●C ustomer visits/audits
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation V V V
Suppliers/Contractors ●S upplier Code of Conduct promotion
●S upplier Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ)
●S upply chain environment, safety and health training
●S upplier Human Rights Enhancement Workshop
ESG Management ●S ustainable Supply Chain Environment, Safety and Health Forum, Supply Chain ESH Technical Forum
The ESG Steering Committee at TSMC serves as the apex of ESG decision-making, chaired by the Company’s Chairman, with the ●C arbon reduction follow-up meeting with major emission contributors
●S upplier meetings
Chairperson of the ESG Committee acting as the executive secretary. This committee, comprising senior executives from a wide ●O n-site support and audit
●S upply Chain Employee Grievance Channel
variety of functions, collaboratively examines ESG issues critical to the Company’s operations and establishes short-, medium-, and ●S upply Online 360 Global Responsible Supply Chain Platform
long-term strategic directions and development goals, aligning with the United Nations sustainable development goals (SDGs), Government/Industry Associations ●Industry association communication platform
while leveraging the Company’s core strengths.
●O fficial correspondence, documents, emails and visits
●O ffer industry experience and advice, and keynote speech
●C onferences (e.g., briefings, public hearings, symposia, seminars, meetups, phone conference)
The ESG Committee, operating under the guidance of the ESG Steering Committee’s resolutions, is responsible for integrating Communities ●V olunteer cadre meetings and volunteer activities and services
●P roject collaboration and visit
resources and coordinating communication across various departments. It oversees the dedicated ESG department (established ●S ponsorship of charity projects and educational projects
●“ Sending Love” charity platform
in 2019 and renamed in 2021) and engages cross-organizational representatives to collaboratively identify sustainability issues ●T SMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation websites
pertinent to the Company’s operations and stakeholders’ interests. Task forces are established based on identified issues to
●E SG website, ESG Newsletter, ESG mailbox and social media (Facebook and LinkedIn)
●Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System
148 149

[TABLE START]

Society
TSMC	Morality	Business Ethics	Economy	Rule of Law	Sustainability	Work-life
Balance/
Happiness	Philanthropy
	V	V					
				V			
	V	V		V			
				V	V		
		V	V	V			
			V			V	
			V				
						V	
		V	V				
						V	
					V	V	
					V	V	
Stakeholders	Communication Channels

[TABLE END]


--- Page 77 ---

Responsibilities of ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee Members TSMC actively engages with its diverse stakeholders to understand their insights and expectations while aligning with international
sustainability standards. For 26 consecutive years, TSMC has published its non-financial report. The Company conducts materiality
Committee Members Responsibilities Stakeholders
analyses based on Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 3: Material Topics 2021, incorporating the dynamic materiality concept proposed
Business Development Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product Employees
innovations; establishing and promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and Customers by the World Economic Forum (WEF) and the dual materiality principle recommended by the European Sustainability Reporting
achievements Communities Standards (ESRS). The analysis, which includes TSMC’s facilities in Taiwan (headquarters, wafer fabs, and advanced backend fabs),
Customer Service Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of Customers
TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, TSMC Washington, LLC, Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc., VisEra,
conduct Government/Industry
Associations and other subsidiaries, applies the concepts of impact, risk, and opportunity in conjunction with TSMC’s Risk Management Policy.
Environment, Safety and Health Environmental policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy Employees This process identifies ESG issues and potential challenges with significant implications for operations, enabling TSMC to adjust its
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response Shareholders/Investors
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for Customers sustainability strategies and objectives. By employing innovative thinking and concrete actions, TSMC effectively implements risk
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion, Suppliers/Contractors
communication of ESH regulations Government/Industry mitigation measures, enhances organizational resilience, and deepens its capacity for sustainable development.
Associations
Communities
In addition to the GRI Standards, the TSMC Sustainability Report aligns with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
Finance Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy Employees
Shareholders/Investors (TCFD) Recommendations, Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Recommendations, Sustainability Accounting
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors Standards Board (SASB) Standards, the AA1000 Accountability Principles as well as utilizes the Impact Reporting and Investment
Government/Industry
Standards (IRIS+) to evaluate its public welfare projects. The report is independently verified by DNV Business Assurance Co. Ltd.,
Associations
ensuring that the verification scope and criteria adhere to the DNV VeriSustainTM Protocol, the GRI Standards, SASB Standards, and
Human Resources Inclusive workplace, talent attraction and retention, talent development Employees
Government/Industry the TCFD framework, thereby ensuring that the disclosed sustainability information meets stakeholder needs through a diversified
Associations
Communities standards and verification mechanism.
Information Technology and Information Information security Employees
Security Shareholders/Investors
Customers In response to global political, economic, and environmental changes, TSMC proactively fulfills its corporate citizenship
Suppliers/Contractors
responsibilities by aligning with the UN SDGs and examining their relevance to its operations. The Company has set long-term
Government/Industry
Associations goals for 2030, with specific actions centered around SDG 17: Partnerships for the Goals. TSMC collaborates closely with internal
Investor Relations Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual Shareholders/Investors and external stakeholders and business partners throughout the value chain to continually explore opportunities for development
report production
across economic, environmental, and social dimensions. As the only semiconductor company to be included in the Dow Jones
Legal Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and Employees
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information Government/Industry Sustainability World Index for 24 consecutive years, TSMC is committed to driving sustainable innovation. The Company focuses on
Associations
Communities ESG in five directions: drive green manufacturing, build a responsible supply chain, create a healthy and inclusive workplace develop
Materials Management Materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business Alliance and its code Shareholders/Investors talent, and care for the underprivileged. Through these efforts, TSMC aims to generate substantial and positive impacts, fostering a
of conduct, circular resources Customers
future of shared prosperity.
Suppliers/Contractors
Government/Industry
Associations
Operations Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water positivity and risk management, green manufacturing Shareholders/Investors 2024 ESG Awards and Ratings
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Public Relations Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations Employees
Shareholders/Investors
Overall ESG Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) ●Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 24th consecutive year
Customers MSCI ESG Indexes ●MSCI ACWI ESG Leaders Index component
Suppliers/Contractors ●MSCI ESG Research – AAA Ratings
Government/Industry ●MSCI ACWI SRI Index component
Associations ●MSCI Emerging Markets ESG Leaders Index
Communities
Sustainalytics ●Company ESG Risk Ratings: Low ESG Risk – Semiconductor Industry
Quality and Reliability Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism Customers
Suppliers/Contractors ISS ESG ●“Prime” Rated by ISS ESG Corporate Rating
Research and Development Innovation management, green products Employees FTSE4Good Index ●FTSE4Good Emerging Index component
Customers ●FTSE4Good All-World Index component
Suppliers/Contractors ●FTSE4Good TIP Taiwan ESG Index component
Government/Industry World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) ●SDG2000 – The 2,000 Most Influential Companies
Associations
S&P Global ●The Sustainability Yearbook Award 2024 – Top 10% S&P Global ESG Score
Risk Management Risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan Employees
Shareholders/Investors CommonWealth Magazine ●Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors
Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy ●The Most Prestigious Sustainability Award – Top Ten Domestic Corporates for the 9th consecutive year
●Best Sustainability Report Award
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Cultivate young generation, promote educational collaboration, promote arts and culture Communities ●Cyclical Economy Leadership Award
●Information Security Leadership Award
TSMC Charity Foundation Empower education, care for the elderly, protect the Environment Communities ●Sustainable Supply Chain Leadership Award
●Water Management Leadership Award
●Climate Leadership Award
Morningstar ●The Best Sustainable Companies to Own in 2025
(Continued)
150 151

[TABLE START]

Committee Members	Responsibilities	Stakeholders
	Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product
innovations; establishing and promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and
achievements	
	Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of
conduct	
	Environmental policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion,
communication of ESH regulations	
	Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy	
	Inclusive workplace, talent attraction and retention, talent development	
	Information security	
	Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual
report production	
	Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information	
	Materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business Alliance and its code
of conduct, circular resources	
	Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water positivity and risk management, green manufacturing	
	Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations	
	Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism	
	Innovation management, green products	
	Risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan	
	Cultivate young generation, promote educational collaboration, promote arts and culture	
	Empower education, care for the elderly, protect the Environment	
Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)	
	MSCI ESG Indexes	
	Sustainalytics	
	ISS ESG	
	FTSE4Good Index	
	World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)	
	S&P Global	
	CommonWealth Magazine	
	Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy	
	Morningstar	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 78 ---

above certifications have been maintained and remain valid. diseases in the semiconductor manufacturing process and
Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Per TSMC policy, all new facilities are required to attain the prevention plans for such diseases. To mitigate health risks to
Economy and Governance Extel 2024 All-Asia Executive Team ●Most Honored Company (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best CEO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia aforementioned certifications within 18 months after receiving employees, suppliers and contractors in the workplace, TSMC
●Best CFO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best IR Professionals (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia their operating license. has adopted rigorous safety and health control measures
●Best IR Team (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best IR Program (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia focused on preventing occupational injuries and diseases and
●Best ESG Program (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
To reduce overall environmental, safety and health risks, TSMC promoting employee safety, physical and mental health.
●Best Company Board (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
strives for continuous improvement and actively seeks to
IFI Claims Patent Services ●Ranked as 2nd in 2024 Top 50 US Patent Assignees
Forbes ●Forbes Global 2,000 enhance climate-change management, pollution prevention To minimize supply chain risk and fulfill its corporate citizen
FutureBrand Index ●FutureBrand Index 2024 and control, power and resource conservation, waste reduction responsibility, TSMC not only follows ESH best practices
FORTUNE ●2024 World’s Most Admired Companies and recycling, safety and health management, and fire and internally but also strives to improve the ESH performance of its
●Fortune Global 500
explosion prevention, as well as to minimize the impact of suppliers and contractors through audits and counselling.
Brand Finance ●Brand Finance Global 500
earthquake damage.
Business Today ●Top 1,000 Enterprises in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China
TSMC uses priority work management and self-management
Taiwan Stock Exchange ●Top 5% in Corporate Governance Evaluation of Listed Companies for the 10th consecutive year
In order to meet regulatory and customer requirements for the to govern services provided by contractors. The Company
PricewaterhouseCoopers ●Global Top 100 Companies by Market Capitalization for the 12th consecutive year
management of hazardous materials, TSMC has adopted the requires contractors performing level-one high-risk operations
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual ●Ranked No. 1 in Taiwan Patent Applications for the 9th consecutive year
Property Office ●Ranked No. 1 in Taiwan Patent Grants for the 5th consecutive year IECQ QC 080000 hazardous substance process management to complete certification for technicians and to establish
Industrial Development Administration, Ministry of ●Taiwan Intellectual Property Management System (TIPS) AAA certification (HSPM) system. All TSMC fabs have been QC 080000 their own ISO 45001 safety and health management system.
Economic Affairs
certified and have maintained validity since 2006. Through The emphasis on self-management nurtures the sense of
Germany Federal Office for Information Security ●Common Criteria, ISO/IEC 15408- EAL6 Site Certification
the establishment of QC 080000, TSMC ensures that its responsibility, with the goal of promoting safety awareness
Corporate Synergy Development Center ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Gold Tower Award – Fab 3, Fab 8, Fab 12A, Fab14A, Fab15B, Fab 16, EBO
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Silver Tower Award – Fab18A & FAC products comply with customer requirements and international and technical improvement for all contractors in the industry.
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Fab 12A, Fab 14A, Fab 16
regulations including the European Union’s Restriction of For onsite contractor personnel, TSMC not only provides
Clarivate ●2024 Top 100 Global Innovators
Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive, the EU’s Registration, standardized courses on safety and health but has also
LexisNexis ●Innovation Momentum 2024: The Global Top 100
Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals established interactive online training and increased the
Environment, Safety and Health Corporate Knights & As You Sow ●2024 Carbon Clean 200TM List
(REACH), the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete frequency of such courses to improve effectiveness and safety
CDP ●Climate Change B Ratings
●Water Security A- Ratings the Ozone Layer, the “halogen-free in electronic products” awareness. To ensure that the Company’s safety protocols are
Alliance for Water Stewardship, AWS ●“Platinum” Class Certification for the 5th consecutive year – Fab 5, Fab 6, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, Fab 14P5, Fab 14P6, Fab initiative, perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), perfluorooctanoic accurately delivered to contractors on a timely basis, TSMC has
14P7, Fab 15A, Fab 15B, AP3
acid (PFOA) and related substances restriction standards. In established a digital platform for mutual communication and
U.S. Green Building Council ●Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) – “Gold” Class Certification – Fab 14P8 Manufacturing Facility,
Fab 23P1 Manufacturing Facility, AP6A Manufacturing Facility, AP6C Manufacturing Facility, Fab 12P8 Office, Fab 23 addition, TSMC continuously promote its reduction plan for the blue book for contractors’ safety, health and environmental
Office, AP6A Office
use of the hazardous substance N-methylpyrrolidinone (NMP) protection so that onsite operational risks can be mitigated.
UL Solutions ●Platinum Rating for UL 2799 Standard
and has completed NMP phase-out project for the etching
Ministry of Environment, R.O.C. ●National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award – Fab 14B, Fab 15B, Fab 18A, Fab 8
●Green Chemistry Application and Innovation Award – Fab 14B, Fab 18P1, AP3 process in overseas subsidiaries by the end of 2024, achieving TSMC collaborates with suppliers to undertake sustainable
●Sustainable Water Innovation Award – TSMC S.T.S.P. Reclaimed Water Plant
●The Best Companies of Resources Cycle – AP3 its annual goal. supply chain management, which includes establishing
Society Forbes ●2024 World’s Best Employers sustainable standards for suppliers, developing audit plans,
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, ●National Occupational Safety and Health Award – Enterprise Benchmarking Award for the 3rd consecutive year TSMC began implementing the ISO 50001 energy conducting audits and tracking improvements, providing
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C.
management system for continuous improvement in energy guidance and training, and offering further assistances
CommonWealth Magazine ●Talent Sustainability Award: Large Enterprise (Manufacturing) 1st Place
conservation in 2011. By 2022, all TSMC and its subsidiaries’ to underperforming suppliers. Key focus in 2024 include
manufacturing facilities had received ISO 50001 certification enhancing suppliers’ capabilities in environmental, safety, and
7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management and have maintained it except for TSMC Washington in the health (ESH) technologies, improving fire response and water
U.S, which has been verified by a third party and plans to conservation capabilities, and increasing the understanding
TSMC believes its environmental, safety and health (ESH) practices must not only meet legal requirements but should also align
receive this certification in 2025. of biodiversity issues. To achieve these, the Company held
with internationally recognized best practices. The Company’s ESH policies aim to achieve “zero incidents” and “environmental
the fire emergency response workshops (62 participants from
sustainability” and to make TSMC a world-class organization in environmental, safety and health management. The Company’s
Aiming to establish the healthiest possible workplace, in 2017 52 suppliers) and continued the supplier ESH improvement
strategies for attaining these goals are to comply with regulations, promote safety and health, strengthen recycling and pollution
TSMC formed a corporate-level health promotion committee program for senior executives (50 participants from nine
prevention, manage ESH risks, instill an ESH culture, establish a green supply chain, and fulfill its related corporate citizen
led by executives at the vice president level to address on an suppliers). Additionally, for nine consecutive years, suppliers
responsibilities.
ad-hoc basis occupational disease cases or other health issues. have been invited to observe TSMC’s annual emergency
The committee members included fab directors, managers response drills (217 participants from 212 suppliers) and the
All TSMC and its subsidiaries’ manufacturing facilities have received ISO 14001: 2015 certification for environmental management
of safety and health department, and representatives from Company’s ESH sustainability forum focused on successful
systems and ISO 45001: 2018 certification for occupational safety and health management systems. TSMC and its subsidiary
wellness, HR and legal affairs divisions. External experts were case sharing (360 participants from 152 suppliers). TSMC also
fabs in Taiwan have each been certified by the Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management System (TOSHMS). All the
also invited to discuss the potential risks of occupational conducted ESH audits at supplier manufacturing sites and
152 153

[TABLE START]

Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Extel 2024 All-Asia Executive Team	
	IFI Claims Patent Services	
	Forbes	
	FutureBrand Index	
	FORTUNE	
	Brand Finance	
	Business Today	
	Taiwan Stock Exchange	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual
Property Office	
	Industrial Development Administration, Ministry of
Economic Affairs	
	Germany Federal Office for Information Security	
	Corporate Synergy Development Center	
	Clarivate	
	LexisNexis	
	Corporate Knights & As You Sow	
	CDP	
	Alliance for Water Stewardship, AWS	
	U.S. Green Building Council	
	UL Solutions	
	Ministry of Environment, R.O.C.	
	Forbes	
	Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C.	●National Occupational Safety and Health Award – Enterprise Benchmarking Award for the 3rd consecutive year
	CommonWealth Magazine	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 79 ---

actively assists suppliers in improving their ESH performance. A new ESH Technical Forum was introduced to provide solutions to
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2024 Actions
common ESH issues (199 participants from 175 suppliers). Furthermore, the Company requested that suppliers conduct a carbon
Impact on the Company’s Inability to satisfy the expectations Improve the Company’s reputation Upgrade TSMC performance ●Led the industry as the only semiconductor company
emissions inventory and encouraged them to reduce these emissions and implement measures to save energy, conserve water and reputation of stakeholders, negatively in stakeholders’ sustainability chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for
impacting the Company’s ranking the 24th consecutive year
reduce waste. reputation
Drought (TSMC Operation) Production negatively affected, Increase resilience and ability to cope Strengthen resilience in coping ●Raised the building base of Fab 22 Phase 1 five meters
causing financial losses and a with natural disasters with climate change impact, higher
7.2.1 Environmental Protection Drought (Supply Chain) decrease in revenue lower risk of operations ●Fab 20 Phase 1 and Fab 22 Phase 1 committed to using
disruption, and reduce potential reclaimed water
Flooding (TSMC Operation)
Climate Change and Energy Management losses ●Required suppliers to assess drought and flooding risk in
Flooding (Supply Chain) operating facilities and implement related risk reduction
● Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) actions
●Implemented drills based on drought emergency
To address the potential financial risks of climate change on operations, in 2018 TSMC adopted the TCFD’s recommendations procedures
released by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to identify risks and opportunities and further establish metrics and management Rising Temperatures Increase in electricity consumption, Strive for low-carbon, green Save energy and cut costs ●Conserved 810 GWh of electricity through energy-saving
cost, and carbon emissions manufacturing projects
targets based on the results identified.
Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management
TSMC remains committed to becoming a global leader in green manufacturing. In response to threats presented by extreme
Category Management Strategy and Actions
weather, TSMC sets strategies and targets, ensures sound execution and strives to build a sustainable culture. In 2021, TSMC
Governance Board of Directors periodically reviews climate change related risks and opportunities
●ESG Steering Committee: TSMC’s top organization in climate change management. Led by TSMC’s Chairman with the chairperson of the ESG committee serving as executive announced its long-term goal of net zero emissions by 2050, while setting the short-term goal of zero growth in emissions by
secretary, the committee reviews TSMC’s climate change strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors/nominating, corporate governance and
2025. By actively implementing emission reduction measures, the Company is working to return its carbon emissions to 2020 levels
sustainability committee
●Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee: The Company’s management organization for taking action on climate change risk and opportunity. Chaired by the senior by 2030.
executive of fab operations, every quarter this committee formulates management plans, reviews implementation status, and discusses future plans
Strategy Identify short-, medium- and long-term climate risks and opportunities through cross-departmental discussion
The Company actively participates in the initiatives of the World Semiconductor Council (WSC) and has leveraged its past experience
Use scenario analysis to assess the potential operational and financial impact of significant climate risks and opportunities to the Company
to develop best practices, which have been fully adopted and implemented by the Company since 2012 to reduce perfluorinated
Promote low carbon manufacturing to approach net zero emissions and strengthen climate resilience
compounds (PFC) emissions. In 2018, in accordance with the Ministry of Environment’s regulation, “Greenhouse Gas Offset Project
Through communication and coaching, enhance suppliers’ climate risk awareness and response capabilities, and cooperate with suppliers to actively develop and implement specific
carbon reduction actions Management Regulations”, TSMC applied for recognition of GHG reduction and accumulatively received 1.5 million tons of carbon
Risk Management Use the TCFD framework to establish TSMC’s climate risk identification process dioxide credits since 2022. Those carbon credits can be used to offset GHG emissions of new manufacturing facilities regulated by
Follow risk identification and ranking on climate change to develop relevant response projects environmental impact assessment (EIA) Act in support of the Company’s sustainable operations and mitigate climate-change risk.
Integrate climate risk identification and assessment into the enterprise risk management (ERM) process
Metrics and Targets Set management metrics related to climate change Since 2005, TSMC has completed the GHG inventory program and taken a complete inventory of its GHG emissions to gain ISO
Develop carbon emissions reduction targets for TSMC and its suppliers and regularly review the progress on achieving said targets 14064 certification. The inventory shows that the major direct GHG emissions are PFCs, which are widely used in semiconductor
manufacturing. The primary indirect GHG emission is electricity consumption. The analysis of the inventory data was performed not
only to meet domestic regulatory reporting requirements but also to serve as a baseline reference for the Company’s strategy to
Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities
reduce GHG emissions. For the last 20 years TSMC has worked with the CDP, an international non-profit organization, to publicly
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2024 Actions disclose climate change information and to continuously review and improve related management practices.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Restrictions on capacity expansion, ●Participation in renewable energy Early purchases of renewable ●Have signed power purchase agreements for renewable
Emissions Cap and Carbon increases in operation costs plans energy, successfully increasing energy totaling 4.4 GW
Tax/Carbon Fee ●Participation in carbon trading production capacity ●Used 3,610 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the In response to the Paris global climate agreement and the R.O.C. Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act, TSMC initiated
market proportion of renewable energy use to 14.1%
a cross-functional platform for carbon management in 2016. The three areas of focus of this platform are legal compliance,
●Achieved 100% renewable energy used in overseas
subsidiaries and offices for the seventh consecutive year emission reduction, and carbon credit acquisition. In addition to participating in official regulatory consultation and communications
Trend to Net Zero Emission ●Increased cost of installation and Win public recognition and carbon Accumulate carbon credits in ●Received carbon credit for fluorinated-GHG and nitrous meetings, the Company also sets short-, medium- and long-term reduction targets through the Energy Saving and Carbon
operation of carbon reduction emissions offset cooperation preparation for future carbon oxide reduction offset project about 1,500 thousand tons
equipment emissions offset ●100% use of carbon neutral natural gas from Chinese Reduction Committee led by the fab operations’ senior executive. The measures are carried out by energy and carbon reduction
●Increased cost of purchasing Petroleum Corporation in TSMC Taiwan fabs
carbon offset products ●Purchased approximately 289 thousand tons of carbon teams of individual fabs. Because more than 80% of TSMC’s GHG emissions come from electricity consumption, the Company
credits, with around 234 thousand tons used to offset
emphasizes energy conservation and carbon reduction initiatives. TSMC has not only implemented energy-conserving designs in
Scope 1 carbon emissions, achieving net-zero emissions.
its manufacturing fabs and offices but has also continuously improved the energy efficiency in operating its facilities. These efforts
Develop low-carbon product services Satisfy customer needs for ●Developed energy saving products for the 3nm, 2nm and
to improve product energy efficiency energy-saving products and more advanced manufacturing process simultaneously reduce carbon dioxide gas emissions and costs. As a result, TSMC has conserved 4.7 billion kilowatt hours (kWh)
increase revenue
of power since 2016. In 2023, Taiwan renamed the “Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act” to the “Climate Change
Commitment of The development of advanced Use reclaimed water Smooth construction of ●Consumed 19.65 million cubic meter/year of reclaimed
Environmental Impact technologies potentially hampered advanced production lines water Response Act” and amended the provisions, setting a target to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050 and establishing a carbon
Assessment (EIA) by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water fee mechanism. In 2024, three subordinate regulations were announced: the “Carbon Fee Charging Measures”, “Regulations on
Uncertainty of Rising electricity consumption in Construct green buildings Reduce utility costs ●Received nine green building certifications the Management of Voluntary Emission Reduction Programs” and “Designated Greenhouse Gas Reduction Targets for Entities
Development of New advanced technology production
Subject to Carbon Fee Collection” and the rate of carbon fee was also set and announced. For emitters with direct and indirect
Energy Saving Technology lines increases production costs
emissions exceeding a certain threshold, carbon fees will be levied starting in 2025. As TSMC’s emissions in Taiwan exceed the
(Continued)
current regulatory threshold, the Company will pay a carbon fee in 2026 for the first time. TSMC will continue to integrate green
154 155

[TABLE START]

Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2024 Actions
	Inability to satisfy the expectations
of stakeholders, negatively
impacting the Company’s
reputation	Improve the Company’s reputation	Upgrade TSMC performance
in stakeholders’ sustainability
ranking	
	Production negatively affected,
causing financial losses and a
decrease in revenue	Increase resilience and ability to cope
with natural disasters	Strengthen resilience in coping
with climate change impact,
lower risk of operations
disruption, and reduce potential
losses	
	Increase in electricity consumption,
cost, and carbon emissions	Strive for low-carbon, green
manufacturing	Save energy and cut costs	
Category	Management Strategy and Actions
Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2024 Actions
	Restrictions on capacity expansion,
increases in operation costs	●Participation in renewable energy
plans
●Participation in carbon trading
market	Early purchases of renewable
energy, successfully increasing
production capacity	
	●Increased cost of installation and
operation of carbon reduction
equipment
●Increased cost of purchasing
carbon offset products	Win public recognition and carbon
emissions offset cooperation	Accumulate carbon credits in
preparation for future carbon
emissions offset	
		Develop low-carbon product services
to improve product energy efficiency	Satisfy customer needs for
energy-saving products and
increase revenue	
	The development of advanced
technologies potentially hampered
by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water	Use reclaimed water	Smooth construction of
advanced production lines	
	Rising electricity consumption in
advanced technology production
lines increases production costs	Construct green buildings	Reduce utility costs	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 80 ---

management into its daily operations, actively implement greenhouse gas reduction targets, and propose a voluntary reduction plan The goal of water management at TSMC is to optimize the use Waste Management and Recycling
to obtain preferential rates, thereby mitigating the financial impact on the Company. of every drop of water. In addition to implementing process Waste production at TSMC has risen in recent years as TSMC
water-saving measures, TSMC collaborates with industrial, continues to develop advanced manufacturing processes
Since 2018, TSMC has aggressively negotiated the purchase of renewable energy from suppliers in Taiwan. The Company aims to governmental and academic organizations to invest in the and rapidly expand its production capacity both at home
achieve 60% of its electricity consumption from renewable energy by 2030 on the way to fulfilling its long-term commitment of development of water reclamation technology. Through and overseas. This increase is due to the complexity of new
100% renewable energy usage by 2040. Also since 2018, TSMC overseas manufacturing fabs and offices have purchased renewable participation in the professional committee activities of the manufacturing processes, the demand for reliable yield rates,
energy, REC and carbon credits to offset all carbon emissions caused by power consumption. All TSMC overseas sites achieved net Taiwan Science Park Association, TSMC shares water-saving and the increased use of raw materials.
zero emissions in 2024. The development of renewable energy in Taiwan has recently entered an active planning and construction experiences and professional knowledge with semiconductor
phase, and TSMC’s renewable energy task force continues to communicate with the government, offering suggestions related to industry peers to achieve the common goal of the entire park To achieve the goal of sustainable resource utilization, TSMC
the development of renewable energy, with the hope of collaborating with the government to accelerate the progress of renewable and ensure long-term water resource supply-demand balance. has a designated unit responsible for waste recycling and
energy in Taiwan. TSMC continues to increase its procurement amount of renewable energy. By the end of 2024, the total In order to further circulate the use of water resources and disposal. The priorities are onsite process waste reduction and
installation capacity of renewable energy contracted reached 4.4 GW (gigawatts). The renewable energy will be provided to TSMC support the government’s promotion of reclaimed water, offsite recycling and regeneration, with incineration and landfill
gradually after the related business process has been completed. This is a clear manifestation of the Company’s active support of the TSMC launched the Southern Taiwan Science Park Reclaimed as the least desirable, final option. In 2017, TSMC amended
UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Water Plant operation in 2022. It is the first private water its articles of incorporation to add four business items for
reclamation plant in Taiwan and the industry’s first to chemical materials to enhance waste process flow and reduce
TSMC GHG Reduction Target and Achievement Status introduce reclaimed water into semiconductor manufacturing risks of improper waste disposal by commissioned agencies.
process. In addition to reclaimed water by that plant, TSMC’s It also set up onsite resource activation facilities to convert
Strategy 2030 Goal 2024 Target and Achievement Achievement Status
fabs in Southern Taiwan Science Park also started using waste resources produced during manufacturing process into
Continue to use best available technology to Reduce GHG emissions per unit product (metric GHG emissions per unit product (metric ton of Unachieved (Note)
reduce GHG emissions and become an industry ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12- carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-inch reclaimed water supplied by the Yongkang and Anping products to be used onsite or to sell to other industries. TSMC
leader in low-carbon manufacturing inch equivalent wafer mask layer) by 30% (base equivalent wafer mask layer) increased by 19% plants when they started up in 2022 and 2023 respectively. recycled copper sulfate waste, cobalt-containing liquid waste,
year: 2020) (target: -10%)
The cumulative supply use of reclaimed water exceeded 67 sulfuric acid waste and ammonium sulfate waste, all of which
Note: T arget not achieved due to increase in production capacity of advanced processes and related carbon emissions, as well as the insufficiency of reduction plans and available renewable energy. TSMC will, therefore,
continue to implement more energy saving and carbon reduction actions. thousand cubic meters per day and, by the end of 2024, over were regenerated into products. The Company also developed
19.65 million cubic meters of reclaimed water had been used a system of cryolite synthesis whereby hydrogen fluoride (HF)
Air and Water Pollution Control in the semiconductor manufacturing process in TSMC’s Tainan waste is recycled and regenerated into raw material that can be
The Company has installed air and water pollution control equipment in each fab to meet regulatory emissions requirements. In fabs. This reduced city water usage by 31% as the Company used in other industries. In 2024, in addition to having recycled
addition, TSMC maintains backup pollution control systems, including emergency power supplies, to mitigate the risk of pollutant reached a 17% replacement rate using reclaimed water. TSMC cyclopentanone for use as an electronic-grade material the
emissions in the event of equipment failure. The Company centrally monitors the operations of its air and water pollution control is committed to promoting reclaimed water use in all newly previous year, TSMC continued to collaborate with suppliers
equipment 24 hours a day by rotating staff and treats system effectiveness as an important tracking item to ensure the quality of constructed fabs in the future. to enhance filtration and electrolysis processes. TSMC has
emitted air and discharged water. successfully recycled tetramethylammonium hydroxide (TMAH)
TSMC Water Usage in Recent Two Years to meet its process requirements for electronic-grade materials.
To further enhance water resources sustainability, TSMC has adopted and followed the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) The recycled TMAH has been integrated into the fab process,
Total Water Usage Unit Product Water Usage
standard, the sustainable water management standard (Note). The annual verification for 2024 was completed at the Taichung Year (million m3) (Note 1) (L/12-inch wafer-e-layer) establishing a sustainable recycling cycle. Concurrently, the
sites (Fab 15A and Fab 15B) and the Tainan sites (Fab 6, Fab 14 Phase 7, and Fab 14B), and platinum-level certification has been 2024 129 161.0 Company has been actively working to reduce incineration
maintained. volumes as its fabs in Taiwan achieved a 95% waste recycling
2023 114 176.4
rate for the tenth consecutive year, with a landfill rate below
In view of TSMC’s global operation, and to comply with international regulations and standards, TSMC’s Facility Development 1% for the 15th consecutive year. In addition, in 2024 TSMC
Division formed a green manufacturing department- Environmental Monitoring Center. This center regularly integrates effluent TSMC Water Usage Reduction Target and Achievement successfully separated aluminum and plastic from foil bags,
monitoring data to provide more timely water quality reports and establish effluent baselines, enabling early responses and ensuring Status reclaiming them as aluminum ingots and plastic pallets. TSMC
compliance with environmental regulations. Also, in pursuit of technological innovation, the Company collaborated with academic will continue to strive towards its goal of net-zero emissions by
2024 Target and Achievement
Strategy 2030 Goal
institutions and suppliers to successfully implement drinking water-grade bituminous coal Granular Activated Carbon (GAC) in 2024. Achievement Status 2050.
This adsorption filtration technology is used to treat process wastewater containing per/poly fluoroalkyl substances (PFAS), achieving Enforce climate Reduce unit water Increased unit water Unachieved
change mitigation consumption (liter/12- consumption by 14.3% (Note 2)
an average removal rate of 95%. In 2024, TSMC continued to implement four major water saving measures: improving the water
policies, implement inch equivalent wafer (Target: -2.7%)
production rate of the system, reducing facility system water consumption, increasing the wastewater recycling of facilities, and water conservation mask layer) by 30%
and water shortage (base year: 2010)
decreasing water discharge loss from the system. The overall system has increased water conservation by 5.54 million cubic meters. adaptation
measures
Note 1: Includes TSMC fabs in Taiwan and subsidiaries total use of city water and reclaimed water.
Note 2: A ffected by the global economic cycle, TSMC’s capacity utilization rate had not yet stabilized in
the first half of 2024. The water usage per unit of product did not meet the annual target, and
the company will continue to develop diverse water resources to reduce tap water consumption.
Note: T SMC AWS certified fabs include Advanced Backend Fab 3, Fab 5, Fab 12A/B, Fab 15A/B, Fab 6, Fab 14B and Fab 14 Phase 7, covering the watersheds of all the fab locations across the Hsinchu, Central Taiwan
and Southern Taiwan Science Park.
156 157

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2024 Target and Achievement	Achievement Status
	Reduce GHG emissions per unit product (metric
ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-
inch equivalent wafer mask layer) by 30% (base
year: 2020)	GHG emissions per unit product (metric ton of
carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask layer) increased by 19%
(target: -10%)	
Year	Total Water Usage
(million m3) (Note 1)	Unit Product Water Usage
(L/12-inch wafer-e-layer)
	129	
	114	
Strategy	2030 Goal	2024 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce unit water
consumption (liter/12-
inch equivalent wafer
mask layer) by 30%
(base year: 2010)	Increased unit water
consumption by 14.3%
(Target: -2.7%)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 81 ---

TSMC Waste Quantity and Outsourced Unit Waste Disposal in Recent Two Years (Note 1) 2024 Environmental Cost of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
Unit: NT$ thousands
Outsourced Hazardous Waste (ton) Outsourced Unit Waste Disposal (Note 3)
Year Outsourced General Waste (ton) (Note 2)
(Note 2) (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) Classification Description Expense Investment
2024 344,056 445,152 1.16 1. Direct Costs for Reducing Environmental Impact
2023 285,605 371,236 1.17 (1) Pollution Control Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others 16,680,115 20,477,945
(2) Resource Conservation Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation - 8,745,208
Note 1: The data in the table are preliminary results collected by TSMC and have not yet been verified by a third party
Note 2: Totals include Taiwan and subsidiary facilities (3) Energy Conservation Costs for electricity consumption saving - 2,877,959
Note 3: Taiwan facilities
(4) GHG Reduction Includes: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for 1,334,824 4,398,213
purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
TSMC Waste Reduction Target and Achievement Status costs for direct GHG emissions reduction
(5) Industrial Waste Disposal and Recycling Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill) 5,209,318 -
Strategy 2030 Goal 2024 Target and Achievement Achievement Status
2. Indirect Costs for Reducing Environmental (1) Cost of employee environmental training 1,254,008 2,511,034
Promote waste reduction by source separation Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer ≦ Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer 1.16 Achieved Impact (Environmental Managerial Costs) (2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
and require vendors to provide low chemical 0.50 (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) target: (3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
consumption equipment ≦1.17 (4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees
3. Other Environmental Costs (1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation - -
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
In order to ensure that all waste is treated and recycled properly, TSMC closely tracks the recycling and reuse practices of its cleanup (3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and lawsuits
and disposal vendors. The Company carefully selects waste disposal and recycling vendors that are certified and have the required Total 24,478,265 39,010,360
permits. TSMC regularly checks the onsite operational status, disposal declaration forms, operational records, etc., to compare
with actual reuse and disposal, and takes proactive steps to strengthen vendor auditing. For example, all waste transportation
2024 Environmental Efficiency of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
contractors have agreed to join the GPS satellite fleet so that the cleanup transportation routes and abnormal stays for all trucks
Unit: NT$ thousands
can be traced. All waste recycling and disposal vendors have installed closed-circuit TV systems at operating sites to monitor and
Category Description Efficiency
audit waste handling. At the same time, to further guarantee proper waste handling, in 2022 TSMC built the system of waste
1. Cost Savings of Environmental Protection Energy savings 3,041,775
intelligent fast track (S.W.I.F.T.) and completed five different types of waste treatment vendors for pilot testing. As of 2024, 44% of
Projects
Water savings 53,003
waste treatment vendors have instituted S.W.I.F.T. and TSMC intends to roll it out to all waste treatment vendors by 2030. Using AI
Waste reduction 1,680,778
technology in lieu of in-person on-site spot checks increases inspection efficiency 65-fold and reduces manual inspection by 13,000
2. Economic Efficiency for Industrial Waste Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals, 1,072,666
hours each year. In addition, TSMC conducts ongoing surveys of recycled product tracking and requires all recycling contractors to
Recycling plastics, and other waste
report their recycled product sales monthly to track waste flow and ensure that actions are taken to adhere to lawful and proper
Total 5,848,222
waste recycling and treatment.
Green Building and Green Factory
Environmental Accounting
Since 2006 TSMC has adopted and followed standards from both the Taiwan Green Building and the U.S. Green Building Council
The purpose of TSMC’s environmental accounting system is to identify and quantify environmental costs for internal management.
– Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) for new fab and office building designs to achieve better energy and
At the same time, the Company also calculates and evaluates the savings or economic benefits of environmental protection
resource efficiency compared to conventional designs. The Company has also continued to upgrade existing office buildings to
programs so as to continuously promote economically effective programs. While environmental expenses are expected to continue
comply with the LEED standard each year. From 2008 to 2024, 51 of TSMC’s fabs and office buildings achieved LEED certification:
to rise, environmental accounting can help manage these costs more effectively. TSMC’s approach measures various environmental
three platinum and 48 gold. During this time, the Company also received 31 Taiwan ecology, energy saving, waste reduction and
costs, establishes independent environmental account codes, and provides the data to all units for use in annual budgeting. The
health (EEWH) certifications: 21 diamond, seven gold and three silver.
Company’s economic benefit evaluation calculates cost savings for energy conservation, water or waste reductions and recycling
benefits in accordance with its environmental protection programs. The benefits disclosed in this report include real income from
Environmental Audit Results in Violation of Environmental Regulations
projects such as waste recycling as well as savings from major environmental projects. In 2024, the total benefits of environmental
In 2024 and as of the date of this annual report, TSMC has had no environmental regulation violations.
protection programs of TSMC fabs including waste recycling exceeded NT$5.8 billion.
7.2.2 Sustainable Products
TSMC collaborates with its upstream material and equipment suppliers, design ecosystem partners and downstream assembly
and testing service providers to minimize environmental impact. Reducing the resources and energy consumed for each unit of
production allows the Company to provide customers with more advanced, power efficient, and ecologically sound products.
These include ultra-low power (ULP) and low operating voltage (low Vdd) chips for wearables and IoT devices, low-power chips for
mobile devices, high-efficiency LED driver chips for flat panel display backlighting, indoor/outdoor solid state LED lighting, Energy
Star certified low standby AC-DC adaptor chips, high-efficiency DC brushless motor chips, electric vehicle chips and low-power
server chips. By leveraging TSMC’s superior energy-efficient technologies, these chips support sustainable city infrastructure, greener
vehicles, smarter grids, more energy efficient servers and data centers and other applications. In addition to helping customers
158 159

[TABLE START]

Year	Outsourced General Waste (ton) (Note 2)	Outsourced Hazardous Waste (ton)
(Note 2)	Outsourced Unit Waste Disposal (Note 3)
(kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer)
	344,056	445,152	
	285,605	371,236	
Classification	Description	Expense	Investment
Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others	16,680,115
Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation	-
Costs for electricity consumption saving	-
Includes: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for
purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct GHG emissions reduction	1,334,824
Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill)	5,209,318
(1) Cost of employee environmental training
(2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees	1,254,008
(1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and lawsuits	-
	24,478,265
Strategy	2030 Goal	2024 Target and Achievement	Achievement Status
	Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer ≦
0.50 (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer)	Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer 1.16
(kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) target:
≦1.17	
Category	Description	Efficiency
	Energy savings	
	Water savings	
	Waste reduction	
	Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals,
plastics, and other waste	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 82 ---

design low power, high performance products to reduce TSMC Wafer Revenue Contribution from 7nm and More Advanced 2. P rovide Customers Leading Power Management IC methodology based on its manufacturing excellence to
resource consumption over the product’s life cycle, TSMC’s Technologies Processes with the Highest Efficiency help customers reduce design and process waste so as to
green manufacturing practices provide additional green value 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 ● TSMC’s leading manufacturing technologies help customers produce more advanced, energy-saving and environmentally
to customers and other stakeholders. design and produce green products. Power management friendly products. For total energy savings and benefits
27% 41% 50% 53% 58% 69%
chips, the key components that supply and regulate power realized in 2024 through TSMC’s green manufacturing, see
TSMC-manufactured ICs are used in a broad variety of to all other IC components within electronic devices, are Environmental Accounting on page 158-159 in this Annual
applications in various market segments including computer, Chip Die Size Cross-Technology Comparison the most notable green IC products. TSMC helps customers Report.
communications, consumer, industrial, electric vehicle, Die size shrinks as line width shrinks produce industry-leading power management chips with
server and data center, and other electronics. Through more stable and efficient power supplies and lower energy Social Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services
TSMC’s manufacturing technologies, customers’ designs are consumption. Power management ICs manufactured 1. U nleash Customers’ Mobile and Wireless Chip Innovations
realized, and their products are incorporated into people’s by TSMC for its customers are widely used in computer, that Enhance Mobility and Convenience
lives. These chips, therefore, make significant contributions communication, consumer electronics, electric vehicle, server ● T he rapid growth of smartphones and tablets in recent
to the progress of modern society. The Company endeavors and data center, and other products or systems throughout years reflects strong demand for mobile devices, which
to achieve profitable growth while providing products that the world. accelerates innovations for IC products such as baseband,
add both environmental and social value. Listed below are RF transceivers, application processors (AP), wireless local
several examples of how TSMC-manufactured products make 3. D rive the Industry-leading, Comprehensive ULP area networks (WLAN), CMOS image sensors (CIS), near-field
significant contributions to the environment and society. Technology Platform communication (NFC), Bluetooth, global positioning systems
● To meet low-power consumption requirements for IoT (GPS), ultra-wide band (UWB), organic light-emitting diode
Environmental Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services markets, such as smart wearable, smart home, health (OLED) display drivers and power management ICs (PMIC)
1. C ontinuously Drive Technology to Reduce Power care and smart city for IoT products, TSMC continues to among others. These mobile devices offer remarkable
Consumption and Save Resources invest in expanding and enhancing its ultra-low power convenience in daily living, and TSMC contributes significant
0.063 0.047 0.035 0.026
● To play its part in achieving sustainability, TSMC continues to 1 0.48 0.25 0.11 processes. The Company provides industry’s leading and value to these devices in the following ways: (1) new TSMC
drive the development of advanced semiconductor process most comprehensive ULP technology platform to support process technologies help chips achieve faster computing
55nm 40nm 28nm 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm
technologies to help customers create more advanced, 12FFC various smart edge devices, including smart watches, speeds in smaller sizes, leading to smaller form factors for
energy-efficient and environmentally friendly products. In Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was hearing aids, pacemakers, continuous glucose monitoring these electronic devices. In addition, TSMC SoC technology
re-aligned.
each new technology generation, circuitry line widths shrink, (CGM) devices, environment monitoring, and smart grid integrates more functions into one chip, reducing the
making transistors smaller and reducing product power infrastructure. TSMC’s industry-leading ULP offerings, total number of chips in electronic devices, again resulting
consumption for completing the same tasks or achieving Chip Total Power Consumption including the FinFET-based 6-nanometer technology, in a smaller system form factor; (2) new TSMC process
the same level of performance. In addition, calculations Cross-Technology Comparison N6e® and the 12-nanometer technology, N12e®, both of technologies also help chips reduce power consumption,
More power is saved as line width shrinks
using the Industry, Science, and Technology International which feature energy efficiency and high performance for allowing mobile devices to be used for a longer period;
Strategy Center’s model reveal that in 2020 TSMC helped enhanced computing power and AI inferencing, as well as and (3) TSMC helps spread the growth of more convenient
the world conserve 4 kWh of energy for each 1 kWh spent in 22nm ultra-low leakage (ULL), 28nm ULP, 40nm ULP, and wireless connectivity such as 3G/4G/5G and WLAN/Bluetooth/
production – a testimony to TSMC’s commitment to green 55nm ULP, have been widely adopted in various Edge AI UWB, meaning people can communicate more efficiently and
manufacturing both internally and externally. (Please refer system-on-a-chip (SoC) and battery-powered applications. “work anytime and anywhere,” significantly increasing the
to “Sustainable Products by TSMC Facilitates Global Energy TSMC has also extended its low Vdd offerings for extreme productivity and mobility of modern society.
Conservation” on page 11 of TSMC’s 2020 Corporate Social low-power applications.
Responsibility Report.) 2. U nleash Customer Innovations in CMOS Image Sensor
● As TSMC quickly ramped up its 7nm and newer generation 4. D evelop Greener Manufacturing to Lower Energy (CIS) and Micro-Electromechanical Systems (MEMS) that
technologies, the combined wafer revenue contribution of Consumption Enhance Human Health and Safety and Create Green
7nm and more advanced technologies grew significantly from ● TSMC continues to develop more advanced and efficient Products
27% in 2019 to 69% in 2024. TSMC’s objective is to continue technologies to reduce energy/resource consumption and ● T o make machines smarter, safer and more user and
R&D investment and increase the wafer revenue contribution pollution per unit during the manufacturing process, as well environmentally friendly, sensors are a must. Optical,
from 7nm and more advanced technologies, helping the 0.034 0.022 0.015 as power consumption and pollution during product use. acoustic, motion, and environment sensors are mostly made
Company achieve both profitable growth and sustainability. 1 0.6 0.3 0.07 0.056 In each new technology generation, circuitry line widths using either CIS or MEMS technologies. TSMC continues to
N55LP N40LP N28HPM 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm shrink, making chips smaller for the same circuit designs put substantial effort into developing more advanced CIS
(1.2V) (1.1V) (0.9V) 12FFC (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V)
(0.8V) and lowering the energy and raw materials consumed and MEMS technologies to enable customers to create new
Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was for per chip in manufacturing. In addition, the Company products for new applications. For CIS, TSMC and customers
re-aligned.
continuously provides process simplification and new design have extended applications from traditional RGB (red, green,
160 161

[TABLE START]

2019	2020	2021	2022	2023	2024
	41%	50%	53%	58%	
0.48	0.25	0.11	0.063	0.047	0.035
0.6	0.3	0.07	0.056	0.034	0.022

[TABLE END]


--- Page 83 ---

blue) sensing to 3D depth sensing, optical fingerprint, and management review, internal audit, automatic check, and injuries, it is mandatory for the welfare committee and new tool and new chemical review committee in 2024 after
near-infrared (NIR) machine vision, and so on. For MEMS, security patrol to identify safety concerns and opportunities for departments to conduct risk identification and hazard they were evaluated and reviewed in accordance with the
TSMC and customers have extended applications from improvement. All Company fabs in Taiwan received ISO 45001 reminders before organizing sports activities. The Company aforementioned standards and before entering TSMC.
traditional motion sensing to microphone, bio-sensing, certification for occupational health and safety in 2019 and all continuously observes operations and conducts compliance
micro-speakers, medical ultrasound actuators and more. TSMC subsidiaries obtained the certification in 2020. All the inspections to identify potential injury risks in the workplace ● G eneral Safety Management, Training and Audit
TSMC customers’ sensing devices are used in consumer above certifications have been maintained to date through and implement improvement measures to enhance workplace All TSMC manufacturing facilities hold environmental, safety
electronics, mobile communications, automotive electronics, 2024. Per TSMC’s internal policy, new facilities are required to safety. In addition to regular reviews, the caring program and health committee meetings on a monthly basis. TSMC
industrial, and medical devices, and they are increasingly receive these certifications within 18 months upon receiving for employees has been enhanced and managers have been has adopted multiple preventive measures such as controls
smaller, faster, more accurate and more energy efficient, facility license. directed to pay closer attention to the physical and mental on high-risk work, contractor management, chemical safety
greatly enhancing human convenience, health and safety, state of employees to ensure their safety and health while at management, personal protective equipment requirements,
and contributing to sustainability. In addition to accident prevention, TSMC has established work. and safety audit management. In addition, the Company
emergency response procedures to protect employees and maintains detailed disaster response procedures and performs
As an example, TSMC customers introduced their latest contractors if a disaster should occur, as well as to prevent TSMC safety and health management operations apply to the regular drills designed to minimize injuries to employees and
automotive CIS products for car safety systems in 2024 and/or reduce the negative impact on the community and the following: damage to property, as well as the impact on society and the
with significantly improved dynamic range performance, environment. TSMC communicates regularly with suppliers environment, in the event of a mishap or disaster.
which makes advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and to ensure that the potential risk in operating production ● Equipment Safety and Health Management
autonomous vehicles smarter and safer. In addition, adopting equipment is minimized and that safety control procedures are In addition to meeting regulatory requirements and internal TSMC Safety-related Training in Recent Two Years
TSMC’s innovative MEMS technology, TSMC customers followed rigorously during installation. The Company places standards, as well as mitigating ESH-related risks when
Total Number of Employee Counts that Have Completed
Year
successfully introduced next-generation MEMS speakers with stringent controls on high-risk operations, and also evaluates building or expanding facilities, TSMC maintains procedures Safety-related Training
smaller form factor and better high frequency response. These the seismic tolerance of its facilities and equipment to reduce governing new equipment and raw materials, requires safety 2024 300,533
features further improve user experience by enabling more the risk of earthquake damage. approvals for bringing new tools online, updates safety rules, 2023 297,403
flexible industry design, bigger battery space, and closer to and implements seismic protection and other safety measures.
natural sound quality for hearing aids and consumer-grade For epidemics, TSMC has established corporate-level prevention
● W orking Environment Hazardous Factors Management
hearing assistance devices. committees and procedures for emergency response to TSMC requires that all new tools meet SEMI-S8 requirements
TSMC conducts workplace hazard assessments to provide a
outbreaks of infectious diseases. and that appropriate supplementary control measures be taken
comfortable, safe workplace for employees. The Company also
7.2.3 Safety and Health to reduce ergonomic risk. Moreover, the Company endeavors
educates employees and requires them, when appropriate, to
Working Environment and Employee Safety and Health to automate the transportation of 300mm front-opening
Safety and Health Management use personal protective equipment (PPE) to prevent hazardous
Protection unified pods (FOUPs) to prevent cumulative physical injury
TSMC’s safety and health management complies with local exposures.
The Company’s ESH policy is focused on establishing a safe caused by repetitive manual handling of this equipment. TSMC
and international standards and adheres to the management
working environment, preventing occupational injury and 300mm fabs have all converted to automatic transportation
approach of “plan, do, check, act” to prevent accidents, The Company performs semi-annual workplace environment
illness, keeping employees healthy, enhancing every employee’s control.
promote employee safety and health, and protect Company assessments of physical and chemical hazards, including
awareness and sense of ESH accountability, and building a
assets. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan have received Taiwan CO concentration, illumination, noise, and hazardous
strong ESH culture. ● Environmental, Safety and Health Evaluation of New Tools 2
Occupational Safety and Health Management System chemical substances as regulated by local laws. In addition,
and New Chemical Substances
(TOSHMS) certification since 2009. TSMC performs exposure assessments and uses hierarchy
There were a total of 37 occupational injuries at TSMC in 2024, As a technology leader in the global semiconductor industry,
management control for chemicals with potential health
involving 37 people, representing approximately 0.05% of the TSMC operates increasingly diversified process tools and
In 2018, the International Organization for Standardization hazards. If abnormal measurements occur, events happen, or
total number of employees. The disabling injury frequency introduces new chemicals in the R&D stage. Before using
released ISO 45001: 2018, replacing OHSAS 18001. This new an exposure assessment indicates there is an adverse health
rate (FR) was 0.26, under the 0.4 target, and the disability new tools or new chemicals, they are reviewed carefully
standard introduced major changes, including an expanded effect on employees, ESH professionals immediately conduct
injury severity rate (SR) was 3, achieving the target of less than by the new tool and new chemical review committee. The
scope, increased support and participation from leadership, onsite observation and intervention to reduce the risk of
4. TSMC routinely reviews potential improvement measures, purpose is to ensure that new tools are compliant with the
and a focus on both internal and external issues. It also hazardous factors exposure to acceptable levels.
such as the promotion of safety culture-related posters or semiconductor industry’s safety standards (such as SEMI-S2)
addressed the expectations and demands of stakeholders,
animations to strengthen employee safety awareness. By and that environmental, safety and health concerns about
the assessment of risk inspections, communication and ● H ealth Promotion Program
implementing interactive communication training courses new chemicals are addressed and controlled including
consultation with non-managers, the application of In order to establish the healthiest possible workplace and
on safety culture and “safety moments” activities, TSMC can the use of engineering controls and personal protection
performance indicators, and the evaluation of corrective and reduce the incidence of occupational disease, TSMC formed
integrate safety into daily life and encourage employees to equipment, as well as operational safety training during
preventive actions. These changes ensure that the system can a corporate-level committee to carry out health promotion
proactively discuss safety-related issues. To reduce sports storage, transportation, use and disposal. A total of 351 cases
be effectively implemented at the management level through programs covering three key areas:
of new tools and chemical substances were approved by the
162 163

[TABLE START]

Year	Total Number of Employee Counts that Have Completed
Safety-related Training

[TABLE END]


--- Page 84 ---

1. E xposure and health risk assessment: develop an exposure in-person exercises. The inclusion of tabletop exercises also ● Employee Physical and Mental Health Enhancement For mental health, in 2024, six psychologists were appointed
assessment system to identify high health risk employees. aids in the verification of full-scale exercise procedures to TSMC believes that employee physical and mental health is not to address mental health, designing tailored health knowledge
2. H azardous training and notification: use standardized make disaster response more comprehensive, thus effectively only fundamental to maintaining sound business operations and activities for different groups within the Company. These
training materials for employees and contractors in all mitigating the impact of various types of disasters on business but is also an important part of a corporation’s responsibility. initiatives included: (a) employee lectures, with 79 sessions
TSMC fabs. Inform them of the health risks and prevention continuity in the future. As of 2024, in addition to 126 To preserve and promote the physical and mental health of and 3,107 attendees; (b) mindfulness workshops, with eight
measures at the workplace before they begin working or sessions of tabletop exercises, 608 full-scale exercises had been its employees, TSMC fosters collaboration among the onsite sessions attended by 402 attendees; (c) a World Mental Health
providing any services there. completed. industrial safety and environmental protection department, the Month with online lectures and questionnaires, involving 3,435
3. M anagement of chemicals with significant health risks: onsite medical personnel of the health center, and physicians attendees. Additionally, the interactive “Three Good Things”
request that all materials suppliers prove to TSMC that In addition to the regular emergency response drills held of occupational medicine. TSMC strives to reduce cerebral activity drew 1,708 attendees. All the actions above received
they comply with applicable laws including clear disclosure by engineering and facilities departments each quarter, the injuries and cardiovascular conditions that might be induced or positive feedback from employees, so the Company will
of any hazardous substances. Perform sampling of raw Company’s laboratory, canteen, dormitory, and shuttle bus aggravated by overwork, night work or shift work. continue to implement relevant promotional activities to take
materials used in the manufacturing process to confirm personnel also hold similar drills to prepare for events such as The Company conducts programs for maternal health care of the health of employees in the future.
that they do not contain any carcinogenic, mutagenic or earthquakes, chemical spills, ammonia releases, fires and traffic protection and for prevention of cumulative trauma disorders
toxic-reproductive materials as claimed on supplier’s safety accidents. Conduct annual inventory of the public hazardous as well. TSMC devotes significant resources to mental health 7.2.4 Supplier Management
data sheets. substances in all fabs to identify potential risks and enhance awareness, focused not only on hazards at work but also on
Management Aspect
the disaster prevention management capabilities of the fab, employee health in general. In 2024, planned personal health
For better supply chain management, TSMC is committed
● Emergency Response effectively reducing the risks of fires and legal violations. management activities included the following: 1) 539 female
to communicating with and encouraging its suppliers and
The planning and execution of an effective emergency response employees participated in the maternal health program with a
contractors to increase their quality, cost effectiveness and
require identifying potential high-risk events via risk assessment ● Emerging Infectious Disease Response completion rate of 100%. All of them were at first degree risk,
delivery performance, and make continuous improvement in
and being prepared for various scenarios and should focus on TSMC has a dedicated corporate ESH organization to monitor where there was no potential harm to the mother or infant.
supply chain sustainability. Through regular communication
continuous improvements and drills covering all potentially emerging infectious diseases around the world, to assess (2) Through analysis of historical cerebral and cardiovascular
with senior managers, site audits and experience sharing, the
serious events. TSMC’s emergency response plans include any potential impact on the workplace, and to provide an cases of its employees, combined with internal annual health
Company collaborates with major suppliers and contractors to
procedures for rapid-response, crisis management and disaster appropriate strategic response plan. In previous outbreaks examination reports and work scheduling information,
enhance partnerships and ensure continued improvement of
recovery from potential incidents. such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 influenza in 2009, and MERS in the Company was able to identify 5,071 employees with
performance and increased joint contributions to society. As
2015, as well as with COVID-19 from 2019 to 2023, TSMC middle to high risk for cerebral and cardiovascular diseases.
noted above, contractors performing high-risk activities must
All TSMC fabs conduct major annual emergency response followed the Taiwan CDC’s (Center for Disease Control) rules These employees were provided with health education and
lay out clearly defined safety precautions and preventative
exercises and evacuation drills. TSMC’s onsite service and convened the corporate influenza response committee to medical assistance. Also, they and their managers received
measures. In addition, contractors working on high-risk
contractors are also required to participate in emergency develop the Company’s strategies. These strategies included recommended changes in working hours and shifts to reduce
engineering projects must establish ISO 45001 or OHSAS
response planning and exercises to ensure cooperation in educating employees in prevention and response, publishing health risks. (3) 171 employees were identified as high risk for
18001 systems, and their workers must successfully complete
handling accidents and to effectively minimize any damage guidelines for managers, establishing guidelines for employee cumulative trauma disorders, including two who might also
work-related skill training. By 2024, all TSMC contractors
caused by disasters. In 2024, the Company held 116 sick leave, and installing alcohol-based hand sanitizers at have job-related risks, and the Company adjusted working
performing high-risk activities had obtained ISO 45001
evacuation drills and 66 fire drills. At least every two years, each appropriate locations. The Committee also monitors the conditions accordingly to reduce potential risks. (4) Obesity
certification.
fab director invites fab management and support functions to status of employee leave due to illness and, at the same time, is recognized as a potential catalyst for various health issues,
participate in business continuity drills for potentially high-risk develops a continuity plan to address manpower shortages including high blood sugar, high cholesterol, high blood
Supply Chain Sustainability
events such as earthquake, fire and flood (at the Tainan site). and minimize business impact. For example, during the pressure, and insomnia. In response, TSMC has diligently
TSMC closely collaborates with suppliers across various
Since 2018, TSMC has conducted numerous comprehensive COVID-19 outbreak, in order to protect the health of TSMC organized health promotion initiatives over the years. In
sustainability domains, including establishing a green supply
accident emergency response drills, including simultaneous employees, their families, and work partners, employees were 2024, acknowledging the younger generation’s preference for
chain, managing carbon emissions to address climate change,
scenarios for earthquake, fire and chemical spills, to ensure encouraged to be fully vaccinated if in healthy condition. multimedia content, the Company enhanced its digital tool
reducing fire risk, and developing operational plans for
rapid response to emergencies so that losses can be minimized In addition, TSMC periodically reviewed the situation and usage to broaden employees’ access to health information. In
environmental protection, safety and health management, and
in the event of a real disaster. In 2020, TSMC took the lead implemented appropriate preventive measures such as addition to conducting physical weight loss programs, which
natural disasters.
in the industry by introducing the all-hazard approach as providing updated vaccination information and performing saw 7,180 participants collectively shedding 6,534 kilograms,
recommended by the Federal Emergency Management Agency daily body temperature checks before entering Company the Company meticulously curated a series of online interactive
Since joining the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) in 2015,
(FEMA) to conduct disaster prevention exercises. facilities, while continuing to follow standard epidemic health education events. These initiatives included expert-led
TSMC has been committed to reviewing and improving the
prevention recommendations such as mask wearing, frequent seminars focused on topics such as healthy eating and
Company’s policies and processes in labor, health and safety,
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, TSMC added tabletop hand washing and social distancing. exercise, conducted across seven sessions and engaging 1,482
environment, ethics, and management systems through
exercises to disaster prevention training in an effort to minimize participants.
rigorous internal assessments and policy adjustments to ensure
the risks of group infections that might arise in full-scale,
compliance with the RBA Code of Conduct.
164 165

--- Page 85 ---

To enhance sustainable management and effective risk TSMC will continue to conduct the supplier survey annually The TSMC Hsin-chu Arts Festival, held annually in the local Tsing Hua University and Tunghai University. The courses
management of the supply chain, TSMC is committed to and require suppliers to improve and expand their disclosure communities where TSMC operates, paid homage to the covered opera appreciation and stage performance, blending
working closely with suppliers to ensure compliance with to fulfill regulatory and customer requirements. For further Chinese canon “Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio” in theoretical knowledge with practical performance skills. Using
Taiwan’s environmental protection, safety, health, and fire information, see the Company’s Form SD filed with the U.S. 2024. Working with the festival’s theme of “Transcendence the classic Peking Opera piece “Chun-Tsao Braving the Court”
regulations. Additionally, TSMC has established sustainability SEC. (https://investor.tsmc.com/english/sec-filings) the World of the HEART,” the Foundation teamed up with as the central curriculum, actors from the GuoGuan Opera
standards for the supply chain, which cover areas such as labor Unitas magazine to present a special literary exhibition titled Company personally guided over a hundred students. In
rights, health and safety, environmental protection, ethical 7.3 TSMC Education and Culture Foundation “Strange Tales from a Chinese Studio – Continuing into the 2024, 50 students performed at Taiwan Traditional Theatre
standards, and management systems. TSMC collaborates After Life, the Real of the Unreal” at the national heritage site Center’s main auditorium, attracting an audience of nearly 600
Focusing on three major areas – promotion of arts and culture,
closely with its suppliers to assess and improve risks and of Taichung Station Railway Cultural Park. Through interactive people. In September of the same year, the second phase of
education collaboration, and cultivation of young generation
impacts in the economic, environmental, and social domains. exhibition approaches and talks, the exhibition brought the the three-year “Passing the Heritage of Traditional Theatre on
– the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation continues its
By regularly organizing forums and workshops for experience printed words to life, crossing the boundaries of the physical Campus” was launched.
ongoing commitment to invest resources where appropriate
sharing and training, TSMC assists suppliers in enhancing their books and revealing the human nature behind the stories. The
and committed NT$144.27 million in 2024. Following in the
sustainability performance, aiming to exceed international exhibition attracted over 14,000 visitors. In addition to the In 2024, TSMC’s Traditional Theatre partnered with Guoguang
footsteps of TSMC’s global facilities expansion, the Foundation
standards and become a model in the global semiconductor special literary exhibition, the Foundation continues to promote Opera Company, Taiwan Kunqu Opera Company, and Hsing
made its cultural and arts debut overseas, as well as to more
supply chain. traditional theater, inviting the Tang Mei-Yun Taiwanese Opera Legend Youth Theatre to host special events focused on the
cities in Taiwan, so as to enrich the communities’ spiritual life.
Company to perform “Zhuge Liang: A Promise Never Forgot” promotion, introduction, and appreciation of traditional opera.
Apart from holding refined art exhibitions and performances,
TSMC is subject to the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission and the GuoGuang Opera Company to stage the Peking Opera These activities, which have been expanding, were not only
the Foundation further brings sustainability education to
(SEC) disclosure rule on conflict minerals released under Rule “Chun-Tsao Braving the Court.” held in the existing locations of Hsinchu, Taichung, and Tainan
various educational events, guiding young students to
13p-1 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a but also extended to Kaohsiung. The aim was to introduce
understand the concepts of sustainability and inspiring them
recognized global leader in the high-tech supply chain, the Moreover, internationally renowned Berlin Philharmonic horn more high school students to the beauty of traditional theater,
to engage in social issues with creativity and passion, thereby
Company acknowledges its corporate social responsibility player Sarah Willis and Cuban singer Carlos Calunga teamed up with a total of 3,809 participants taking part.
becoming a refreshing force to be reckoned with in uplifting
to ensure procurement of conflict-free minerals in an effort to present the concert “Mozart y Mambo from Havana”. The
society.
to recognize humanitarian and ethical social principles that fusion of classical music and world music aligns perfectly with The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation is committed to
protect the dignity of all people. To this end, TSMC has this year’s arts festival theme. The 2024 Hsin-chu Arts Festival addressing the disparities in educational resources between
Overseas Sponsorship, Improving International Cultural
implemented a series of compliance safeguards in accordance featured 39 refined performances and exhibitions and attracted urban and rural areas. The Foundation continues to partner
Ties
with leading industry practices such as adopting the due over 26,000 members from the local community. with various educational organizations to bridge this gap.
Since beginning operations on February 24, 2024, TSMC’s
diligence framework in the Organization for Economic In its second year, the “TSMC Aesthetic Trip “ and “TSMC
JASM subsidiary in Kumamoto, Kyushu, Japan, has empowered
Cooperation and Development (OECD)’s model supply chain At the year-end, TSMC Lectures, renowned novelist Yan Lianke Science Trip” programs have evolved to offer more in-depth
its local community economically through the innovation
policy for a responsible global supply chain of minerals from was invited to share his insight on the modern literary elements educational experiences. In addition to visiting permanent
power of technology.Following TSMC’s footsteps of global
conflict-affected and high risk areas, issued in 2011. of the classic Chinese tale collection “Strange Tales from a exhibitions at major arts and science museums, the Foundation
expansion, the TSMC Education and Cultural Foundation has
Chinese Studio.” The event attracted over 850 attendees. has introduced Chinese hard-tipped pen calligraphy writing
also committed some of its arts and cultural resources to
TSMC is a strong supporter of the RBA and the Global In 2024, marking the 20th anniversary of literary maestro workshops and semiconductor science workshops. These
overseas events. It sponsored a concert “Sound from Formosa”
e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI). As a member of RBA, TSMC Pai Hsien-Yung’s youth edition of “The Peony Pavilion,” the themed activities are designed to enhance students’ learning
by the renowned Taiwanese music group, OneSong Orchestra,
requires that suppliers source conflict-free minerals through Foundation, in collaboration with the National Kaohsiung and retention during their visits.
at the Kumamoto Prefectural Theater. The event featured
their jointly developed Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). Center for the Arts (Weiwuying), showcased the complete
award-winning violinist Richard Lin, who won first prize in
Since 2011, TSMC has asked its suppliers to disclose and youth edition of this classic over three days. This event aimed The Foundation continues its collaboration with the
the Sendai International Music Competition. The concert
make timely updates on smelters information. The Company to introduce the enchanting art of Kun Qu opera to a broader CommonWealth Magazine Education Foundation and Prof.
program included Taiwanese and Japanese folk songs, as well
encourages suppliers to source minerals from facilities or audience and the younger generation, inviting everyone to Hwawei Ko Reading Research Center at National Tsing Hua
as Taiwanese pop songs. To strengthen ties between Taiwan
smelters that have received a “conformant” designation by a experience this timeless love story from Chinese literature. University on a five-year “Teaching and Learning” project. This
and Japan, the Foundation invited Kumamoto Prefectural
recognized industry group (such as the RMI) and also requires initiative focuses on reading comprehension and instruction to
Daiichi High School’s choir to perform alongside OneSong
those who have not received such designation to become Supporting Cultural Inheritance Together with build an educational support system for teachers in rural areas.
Orchestra. Apart from traditional Japanese folk songs, the choir
compliant with RMI or an equivalent third-party audit program. Educational Partners By tailoring content to fit educational needs, the program
performed the famous song “The Story of a Small Town” by
TSMC requires the use of conflict-free tantalum, tin, tungsten The TSMC Education and Cultural Foundation is dedicated to aims to enhance students’ literacy skills. Now in its fourth year,
the late singer Teresa Teng, who is well-known in both Japan
and gold in its products. promoting the preservation and continuation of traditional the program has engaged 161 teachers and 1,627 students.
and Taiwan. The thousand-strong audience from the local
theater art. From 2021 to 2024, the Foundation partnered Since 2004, the Foundation has supported the “Hope Reading
communities were all enchanted by the beautiful tunes of
with GuoGuang Opera Company to launch a three-year Project,” annually distributing a hundred of new, high-quality
Taiwanese music.
“Passing the Heritage of Traditional Theatre on Campus” books to 200 remote junior high and primary schools. The
project. This initiative offered full-year courses at both National project includes teacher training, parent-child reading sessions,
166 167

--- Page 86 ---

and inter-school reading competitions. By the end of 2024, Foundation introduced the “Sunrise Book Award” as a category ● Education Empowerment ● Protecting the Environment
a documentary titled “Where the Story Begins” was released within the framework of the TSMC Youth Literature Award. The Foundation continued to enhance rural education by The Foundation actively promotes green energy adoption and
to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Hope Reading Project, In 2024, the top prizes were awarded to Han-Yau Huang’s offering volunteer services, financial aid, and educational sustainable practices. In 2024, it assisted 15 social welfare
aiming to raise public awareness of the initiative. essay collection “The Lost River” and Hsiao Yu-Hsiang’s poetry resources. From 2022, beyond providing essential support, organizations in installing solar panels, generating revenue of
collection “How Should People Burn Darkness.” the focus expanded to nurturing the employability of rural NT$4.2 million annually from electricity sales. The goal for the
Building a Platform for Youth and Broadening Student students. In 2024, the Foundation hosted vocational job fairs future is to increase the number of social welfare organizations
Horizons The 9th TSMC Udreamer Project centered on the theme featuring career exploration and employment matchmaking in by at least 8 each year. Furthermore, 363 rural schools across
For the 12th consecutive year, the Foundation is partnering “Sustainability: It’s Up to Us,” aligning with King Charles III’s collaboration with eight county and city governments. These nine counties benefited from LED energy-saving installations,
with the Center for the Advancement of Science Education Terra Carta initiative. In collaboration with Linking Publishing efforts were expected to benefit over 7,200 participants. reducing electricity costs by 30%, savings of NT$7.3 million
of National Taiwan University to hosts the “TSMC Cup – and the Mandarin Daily News, the Foundation featured the and carbon emissions by 1,400 tons – equivalent to the
Competition of Scientific Short Talk.” This event includes two children’s picture book “It’s Up to Us” in a special exhibition. The Quick-Impact Vocational Training Program, now in its fifth environmental impact of 7.5 Da’an Forest Parks, benefiting
sub-competitions: the “Creative Expression Contest” and the The exhibition showcased several large-scale illustrations year, was scaled up to include TSMC suppliers and over 200 120,000 teachers and students. These projects not only create
“Science Popularization Writing Contest”. Participants hail not from the book and hosted an art competition for elementary leading companies such as Daikin, SEMI, Panasonic Taiwan, sustainable support for rural schools but also set a benchmark
only students from Taiwan but also from Malaysia, Indonesia school students nationwide. From 166 submissions, 38 104 Job Bank, Howard Hotels and Chenglin Company. This for environmental stewardship.
and South Korea, facilitating a rich exchange of scientific outstanding pieces were selected to engage in a “dialogue” program connects rural students with quality job opportunities
knowledge and ideas. In 2024, over 550 students took part in with works by 33 international illustrators featured in the book. through friendly employment expos and tailored training 7.5 TSMC i-Charity Platform
these activities. Additionally, the TSMC Science Trip for Young This special exhibition displayed both the book illustrations camps held across eight cities like Yilan, Nantou, Tainan,
Launched in 2014, the TSMC i-Charity Platform empowers
Women was a two-day camp inviting female students from and the children’s visions for the future world. Through Kaohsiung, Pingtung and Taitung. By empowering over 8,500
employees to initiate and support social projects, share
ten high schools to visit science museums, engage in hands-on this pilot project and related activities, the aim is to raise young participants to explore diverse career paths, these
outcomes, and participate in real-time fundraising activities.
workshops, and attend talks with female scientists. These public awareness about sustainability and plant the seeds of initiatives create avenues for sustainable livelihoods.
sessions provide insights into the scientists’ academic and sustainable thinking for future generations.
In 2024, over 71 thousand donors contributed to campaigns
career paths, encouraging young women to explore the field ● Healthy Aging
such as “Hualien Relief” and “Farm-to-Table Shelter Produce.”
of STEM. In 2024, for the first time, the Foundation expanded 7.4 T SMC Charity Foundation Since 2014, partnering with social welfare groups and medical
Four recurring projects, supporting rural baseball and academic
the program to include a one-day camp to inspire even more institutions, the Foundation strives to enhance the well-being
Since its inception in 2017, the TSMC Charity Foundation, education, garnered over NT$79 million in cumulative
high school female students to develop an interest in science. of elderly individuals living alone. In 2022, a Smart Fitness Club
under the leadership of Chairwoman Sophie Chang, has donations.
Together, both camps attracted over 500 participants. for Seniors, developed in collaboration with NYCU and Guandu
championed the mission of empowering rural areas. Anchored
Hospital, was established to help prevent disability and delay
in three core pillars – Education Empowerment, Healthy Aging, Since its launch, the platform has raised more than NT$422.5
The 17th TSMC Youth Calligraphy and Seal Carving aging. This initiative was expanded in 2023with the support of
and Environmental Protection – this Foundation has built million in charitable funds, reinforcing TSMC’s commitment to
Competition continues to encourage young students to TSMC volunteers, engaging retired employees in meaningful
robust local support and created a lasting impact. societal well-being. By encouraging employees to contribute in
engage with the art of calligraphy and seal carving, fostering contributions.
diverse ways, the Company continues to uphold its promise to
the appreciation for the beauty of Chinese characters through
The Foundation mobilizes corporate volunteers to address drive positive change across communities.
various themes. In 2024, the theme was “Paper,” one of In the year 2024, the TSMC Charity Foundation partnered
real societal needs through both physical and online services.
the Four Treasures of the Study. Students from National with National Yang Ming Chiao Tung University and Guandu
Leveraging TSMC’s extensive industry network, it strengthens
Experimental High School at Central Taiwan Science Park Hospital, along with Kikuyo Town in Kumamoto Prefecture,
collaboration with local governments, corporations, and
visited Going Xing Paper Mill in Nantou to experience the Japan, and Kumamoto University, to formally establish
universities to provide educational and medical resources for
culture of traditional handmade paper. Through the practice a collaborative alliance. Combining the triangular model
underprivileged children and their families. These initiatives
of recreating classic ink rubbings and hands-on papermaking, of “corporate x hospital/university x community, ” smart
aim to foster long-term self-sufficiency, enabling families to
students gained a deeper understanding of how ink interacts philanthropy is implemented in Kumamoto to create a healthy
improve their quality of life. Additionally, through its “Sending
with different paper materials, sparking greater interest in and prosperous community for all. Additionally, Kumamoto
Love” platform, the Foundation connects communities and
calligraphy. In the 21st TSMC Youth Literature Award, both the University Hospital supports about 500 TSMC employees
amplifies social goodwill, enhancing local service capacities and
novel and essay category were won by Liu Zi Xin from National and their families in Japan with pediatric medical resources,
promoting collective growth.
Chia-Yi Girls’ Senior High School, whose literary talent captured ensuring quality care and reducing language barriers.
public attention. To further support emerging Taiwanese
In 2024, the Foundation demonstrated its dedication to
literary talent in their creative and publishing endeavors, the
investing in public welfare and expanding projects as follows:
168 169

--- Page 87 ---

7.6 S ustainability Development Implementation Status as Required by Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Implementation Status Non-
Commission Assessment Item implementation
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s)
Implementation Status Non- 4. Social Topic None
Assessment Item implementation (1) D oes the Company set policies and procedures in compliance with V (1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s) regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles? regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 112-113
1. Does the Company have a governance structure for sustainability V 1. For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, None of this Annual Report.
development and a dedicated (or ad-hoc) sustainable development please refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-
organization with Board of Directors authorization for senior management, 152 of this Annual Report. (2) H as the Company established appropriately managed employee welfare V (2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
which is reviewed by the Board of Directors? measures (include salary and compensation, leave and others), and link compensation, equitable and inclusive workplace, leave, allowance,
2. For the time of establishment, structure, operations, implementation status operational performance or achievements with employee salary and bonuses, and subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
and frequency of reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s compensation? Compensation”, “5.6.2 Inclusive Workplace”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”,
dedicated organization for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 and “5.6.7 Employee Benefits Exceed Legal Requirements” on pages 115-
Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual 116, 113-114, 114, 116-117 of this Annual Report.
Report.
For the information on how the Company’s operational performance or
3. For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s achievements are reflected in the policy and implementation of employee
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability salary and compensation, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
(ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report. Compensation” on page 115-116 of this Annual Report.
2. Does the Company follow materiality principle to conduct risk assessment for V 1. For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Corporate None (3) D oes the Company provide employees with a safe and healthy working V (3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
environmental, social and corporate governance topics related to company Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report. environment, with regular safety and health training? and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
operation, and establish risk management related policy or strategy? please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual
2. For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of Report.
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please
refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
this Annual Report. “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual Report.
3. Environmental Topic None
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents
(1) H as the Company set an environmental management system designed to V (1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
in the current year, the number of employees involved, and the ratio of the
industry characteristics? on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
number of employees involved to the total number of employees, as well
(ESH) Management” on page 152-166 and “6.2.3 Risks Regarding Non-
as related improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual Report.
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 142-143 of this
The number of fire incidents and the number of casualties in the given year,
Annual Report.
and the ratio of the number of casualties to the total number of employees,
and improvement measures related to fire incidents: In 2024 and as of the
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
date of this Annual Report, there were no fire incidents in TSMC and its
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
subsidiary.
152-166 of this Annual Report.
(4) H as the Company established effective career development training V (4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
(2) I s the Company committed to improving resource efficiency and to the V (2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
plans? plans, please refer to “5.6.5 People Development” on page 114-115 of this
use of renewable materials with low environmental impact? renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
Annual Report.
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 154-155, 157-158 of this Annual Report.
(5) D oes the Company’s product and service comply with related regulations V (5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
and international rules for customers’ health and safety, privacy, sales,
(3) D oes the Company evaluate current and future climate change potential V (3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
labelling and set policies to protect consumers’ or customers’ rights and For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
risks and opportunities and take measures related to climate related and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
consumer appeal procedures? Customers – Customer Information Protection” on page 110 of this Annual
topics? please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection - Climate Change and
Report.
Energy Management” on page 154-155 of this Annual Report.
(6) D oes the Company set supplier management policy and request suppliers V
to comply with related standards on the topics of environmental, (6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
(4) D oes the Company collect data for greenhouse gas emissions, water V (4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
occupational safety and health or labor right, and their implementation norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
usage and waste quantity in recent two years, and set greenhouse greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in recent two
status? occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
gas emissions reduction, water usage reduction and other waste years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Supplier Management” on page 165-166 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
management policies? Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
and Specific Actions” on page 112-113 of this Annual Report.
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 154-155, 155-156, 156-157, 157-158, “7.7 Climate-
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
related Information of Listed Companies – TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Two Years” on page 173 of this Annual Report.
Supplier Management” on page 165-166 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, 5. Does the Company refer to international reporting rules or guidelines to V For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing None
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental publish Sustainability Report to disclose non-financial information of the non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Protection” on page 154-159 of this Annual Report. Company? Has the said Report acquire third party verification or statement Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual
of assurance? Report.
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy For third party verification, the items or scope certified, and the standards
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy that are followed of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1 Corporate
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report.
Recycling” on page 154-155, 155-156, 156-157, 157-158 of this Annual
Report. 6. If the Company has established its sustainable development code of practice according to “Listed Companies Sustainable Development Code of Practice,” please describe the operational status and differences.
TSMC follows the ESG Policy to promote the Company’s sustainable development through concrete practices. For sustainable development operational status, please refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability (ESG) –
(Continued) Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report and ESG related information on the Company’s website: https://esg.tsmc.com/en-US
7. Other important information to facilitate better understanding of the Company’s implementation of sustainable development:
Please refer to TSMC’s website for its sustainable development implementation status: https://esg.tsmc.com/en-US
170 171

[TABLE START]

Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V
V
V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 112-113
of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
compensation, equitable and inclusive workplace, leave, allowance,
bonuses, and subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
Compensation”, “5.6.2 Inclusive Workplace”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”,
and “5.6.7 Employee Benefits Exceed Legal Requirements” on pages 115-
116, 113-114, 114, 116-117 of this Annual Report.
For the information on how the Company’s operational performance or
achievements are reflected in the policy and implementation of employee
salary and compensation, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
Compensation” on page 115-116 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual
Report.
For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
“7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual Report.
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents
in the current year, the number of employees involved, and the ratio of the
number of employees involved to the total number of employees, as well
as related improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and
Health” on page 162-165 of this Annual Report.
The number of fire incidents and the number of casualties in the given year,
and the ratio of the number of casualties to the total number of employees,
and improvement measures related to fire incidents: In 2024 and as of the
date of this Annual Report, there were no fire incidents in TSMC and its
subsidiary.
(4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
plans, please refer to “5.6.5 People Development” on page 114-115 of this
Annual Report.
(5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Customers – Customer Information Protection” on page 110 of this Annual
Report.
(6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 165-166 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
and Specific Actions” on page 112-113 of this Annual Report.
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 165-166 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing
non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual
Report.
For third party verification, the items or scope certified, and the standards
that are followed of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1 Corporate
Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report.	
Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V		1. For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development,
please refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-
152 of this Annual Report.
2. For the time of establishment, structure, operations, implementation status
and frequency of reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s
dedicated organization for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1
Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual
Report.
3. For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability
(ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report.	
	V		1. For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Corporate
Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of this Annual Report.
2. For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please
refer to “7.1 Corporate Sustainability (ESG) – Overview” on page 148-152 of
this Annual Report.	
	V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
(ESH) Management” on page 152-166 and “6.2.3 Risks Regarding Non-
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 142-143 of this
Annual Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
152-166 of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 154-155, 157-158 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection - Climate Change and
Energy Management” on page 154-155 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in recent two
years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 154-155, 155-156, 156-157, 157-158, “7.7 Climate-
related Information of Listed Companies – TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent
Two Years” on page 173 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions,
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental
Protection” on page 154-159 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 154-155, 155-156, 156-157, 157-158 of this Annual
Report.	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 88 ---

7.7 Climate-related Information of Listed Companies TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years
Items Execution Status Scope 1 Scope 2
Verification Verification Verification
1.
c
D
l
e
im
sc
a
r
t
ip
e-
t
r
io
el
n
a t
o
e
n
d
t
r
h
is
e
k s
B o
an
ar
d
d
o
a
p
n
p
d
o
M
rtu
a
n
n
i
a
ti
g
e
e
s
ment’s oversight and governance on ●E
w
S
it
G
h
S
t
t
h
e
e
e r
c
i
h
n
a
g
i r
C
p
o
e
m
rso
m
n
i t
o
te
f
e
t
:
h
T
e
S
E
M
S
C
G
’ s
C
t
o
o
m
p
m
o
i
r
t
g
te
a
e
n i
s
z
e
a
r
t
v
io
in
n
g
i n
a s
c
e
li
x
m
e
a
c
t
u
e
t i
c
v
h
e
a
s
n
e
g
cr
e
e t
m
ar
a
y
n
.
a
T
g
h
e
e
m
C
e
o
n
m
t.
m
C
i
h
tt
a
e
ir
e
e d
re v
b
i
y
e w
th
s
e
T
C
S
h
M
a
C
ir
’
m
s c
a
l
n
im
o
a
f
t
T
e
S
c
M
ha
C
n ge
Year Scope Tota
(
l
M
E
e
m
tr
is
ic
s i
T
o
o
n
n
s Inte
T
n
o
s
n
it y
C O
(M
2e
e t
/
r
M
ic Tota
(
l
M
E
e
m
tr
is
ic
s i
T
o
o
n
n
s Inte
T
n
o
s
n
it y
C O
(M
2e
e t
/
r
M
ic Party Guideline Statement
strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors.
CO2e) NTD) CO2e) NTD)
●Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee: The Company’s management organization for taking action on climate
Parent Company 1,581,312 0.55 10,926,644 3.79 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
change risk and opportunity. It is chaired by the Vice President of Fab Operations. Every quarter, this Committee formulates
management plans, reviews implementation status, and discusses future plans. VisEra Technologies Company 5,043 0.50 30,753 3.07 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Ltd.
2. Description on how the identified climate risks and opportunities impact the TSMC identifies and updates climate risks and opportunities every two years based on the Recommendations of the Task
company’s business, strategies, and finance (short, mid, long term) Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. Please refer to the “Financial Impact Analysis and Response TSMC China Company 118,141 4.56 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
of Climate Risks and Opportunities” table for details on page 154-155 of this Annual Report. Limited
3. Description on the impact extreme climate events and transitional actions have Please refer to the “Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities” table for details on page 2024 TSMC Nanjing Company 53,216 0.77 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
on finance 154-155 of this Annual Report. Limited
4. Description on how the climate risk identification, assessment, and management Please refer to the Risk Management in “Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities” table for TSMC Washington, LLC 53,723 9.04 0 0 Has not been verified yet
process is integrated in the overall risk management system details on page 154 of this Annual Report.
JASM 7,745 71.45 0 0 Has not yet been verified
5. Should scenario analysis be used to assess the Company’s resilience in face of TSMC selected high-emission scenarios (SSP5-8.5) from IPCC AR6 to analyze physical risks and assess the potential short,
climate change risks, explanations on the scenario, parameters, hypothesis, mid and long-term risks in TSMC facilities and supply chains. In addition to the existing flood, drought, and heat risks, 3DIC 215 0.23 0 0 Has not yet been verified
analysis factors and major financial impacts should be provided the Company further evaluated risks such as wind disasters from typhoons, landslide disasters, and rising ocean levels.
Parent Company 1,307,966 0.61 10,150,252 4.71 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Meanwhile, TSMC increased its scope to cover all facilities around the world as well as five critical supply chains - direct raw
materials, indirect raw materials, equipment, fab facilities, and parts and components. Analysis of physical risks shows that VisEra Technologies Company 4,399 0.61 37,135 5.13 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
the risks of droughts are the most significant physical risks, which cause the impact to self-operation resulting financial loss Ltd.
and revenue decrease due to water shortage.
TSMC China Company 161,698 6.34 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
6. Should there be transitional programs in response to managing climate-related TSMC actively implements greenhouse gas reduction measures in accordance with the 2050 Net Zero Transition Plan, in 2023 Limited
risks, please explain the program’s content and metrics and targets used to order to achieve the RE100 target by 2040 and net-zero emissions by 2050. Throughout the process, TSMC will continue to
identify and manage physical and transitional risks introduce the best energy-saving and carbon-reducing technologies to reduce emissions, and will continuously expand the TSMC Nanjing Company 45,118 0.74 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
use of renewable energy until reaching the RE100 goal. Ultimately, TSMC plans to achieve the net-zero transition target by Limited
partially offsetting emissions with carbon credits.
TSMC Washington, LLC 76,851 9.28 0 0 AWN ISO 14064-3 Limited Assurance
7. Should the internal carbon pricing be used as the planning tool, the pricing Internal carbon prices include carbon tax (fee), regulatory fines, carbon reduction and renewable energy cost, and carbon
mechanism should be explained market price. Note 1: GHG includes CO2, CH4, N2O, HCFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3
Note 2: S cope 1: Direct emissions, i.e. sources owned or controlled by the Company; according to the 2019 Refinement to the Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gases Inventories of the United Nations; and use the
8. Should climate-related targets be in place, information such as their scope of 1. Reduce unit GHG emissions by 30% compared to the base year (metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12- Global Warming Potential (GWP) referring to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) AR5 for calculation.
action, GHG emissions, planned timeline, and yearly achieved progress should be inch equivalent wafer mask layer), and restore GHG emissions to the 2020 level in 2030, net zero emissions in 2050. Scope 2: Indirect emissions, i.e. those arising from externally purchased electricity, heat or steam. The calculation is according to market-based method.
stated; for targets achieved through carbon offset and RECs, the source of offset 2. 60% renewable energy company-wide in 2030, 100% renewable energy company-wide in 2040.
amount and number of RECs should be stated
2024 achievements: unit GHG emissions (metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-inch equivalent wafer mask
layer) increased by 19%; Used 3,610 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the proportion of renewable energy use to
14.1%.
9. GHG inventory and assurance status, and reduction goals, strategies and specific Please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy Management” on page 154-155 of this
action plans Annual Report, “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management” on
page 155-156 of this Annual Report and the “TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years” table on page 173 of this Annual
Report.
172 173

[TABLE START]

Items	Execution Status
Year	Scope	Scope 1		Scope 2		Verification
Party	Verification
Guideline	Verification
Statement
		Total Emissions
(Metric Ton
CO2e)	Intensity (Metric
Ton CO2e / M
NTD)	Total Emissions
(Metric Ton
CO2e)	Intensity (Metric
Ton CO2e / M
NTD)			
	Parent Company	1,581,312	0.55	10,926,644	3.79	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	VisEra Technologies Company
Ltd.	5,043	0.50	30,753	3.07	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC China Company
Limited	118,141	4.56	0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC Nanjing Company
Limited	53,216	0.77	0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC Washington, LLC	53,723	9.04	0	0			
	JASM	7,745	71.45	0	0			
	3DIC	215	0.23	0	0			
	Parent Company	1,307,966	0.61	10,150,252	4.71	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	VisEra Technologies Company
Ltd.	4,399	0.61	37,135	5.13	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC China Company
Limited	161,698	6.34	0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC Nanjing Company
Limited	45,118	0.74	0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3	
	TSMC Washington, LLC	76,851	9.28	0	0	AWN	ISO 14064-3	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 89 ---

8
Subsidiary
Information & Other
Special Notes
TSMC will continue to play a critical and integral role in
the global semiconductor industry, while supporting our
customers’ growth.

[TABLE START]



[TABLE END]


--- Page 90 ---

8.1 Subsidiaries 8.1.2 Business Scope of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries
For the Company’s consolidated business reports of affiliated enterprises, please refer to “8.1.1 TSMC Subsidiaries Chart” to “8.1.6 TSMC and its subsidiaries strive to deliver the best possible foundry services. TSMC Washington, LLC in the United States and TSMC
Operational Highlights of TSMC Subsidiaries” of this Annual Report. China provide 8-inch wafer capacity, while TSMC Nanjing provides 12-inch wafer capacity. In addition, TSMC Arizona in the United
States and Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. in Japan have entered volume production to provide 12-inch wafer
8.1.1 TSMC Subsidiaries Chart capacity in fourth quarter of 2024 and year end 2024, respectively. TSMC’s subsidiaries in North America, Europe, Japan, China,
South Korea and other regions are dedicated to providing timely services and engineering support to customers worldwide and also
As of 12/31/2024
support the Company’s core foundry business with related services as well as investing in start-up companies in the semiconductor
TSMC North America
Shareholding: 100% industry.
TSMC Europe B.V. 8.1.3 TSMC Subsidiaries
Shareholding: 100%
Unit: NT$ (USD, EUR, JPY, KRW, RMB, CAD) thousands As of 12/31/2024
TSMC Japan Limited Company Date of Place of Registration Capital Stock Business Activities
Shareholding: 100% Incorporation
TSMC North America Jan. 18, 1988 San Jose, California, U.S. US$ 11,000 Sales and marketing of integrated circuits and
semiconductor devices
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc.
Shareholding: 100% TSMC Europe B.V. Mar. 04, 1994 Amsterdam, The Netherlands EUR 100 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Japan Limited Sep. 10, 1997 Yokohama, Japan JPY 300,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc.
TSMC Korea Limited May 02, 2006 Seoul, Korea KRW 400,000 Customer service and supporting activities
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Jan. 10, 2020 Yokohama, Japan JPY 750,000 Engineering support activities
TSMC Korea Limited TSMC Development, Inc. TSMC Washington, LLC TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Mar. 29, 2021 Yokohama, Japan JPY 2,450,000 Engineering support activities
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100%
TSMC China Company Limited Aug. 04, 2003 Shanghai, China RMB 4,502,080 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Partners, Ltd. TSMC Technology, Inc. TSMC Nanjing Company Limited May 16, 2016 Nanjing, China RMB 6,650,119 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Arizona Corporation Nov. 10, 2020 Arizona, U.S. US$ 17 (Note 1) Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
Taiwan
other semiconductor devices
Semiconductor TSMC Global Ltd. TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc.
Manufacturing Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Dec. 10, 2021 Kumamoto, Japan JPY 207,232,200 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
Company Limited Inc. other semiconductor devices
European Semiconductor Manufacturing Jun. 30, 2023 Dresden, Germany EUR 1,050 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
TSMC China Company Limited
Company (ESMC) GmbH (Note 2) other semiconductor devices
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Technology, Inc. Feb. 20, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Engineering support activities
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited TSMC Development, Inc. Feb. 16, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Investing in companies involved in semiconductor
Shareholding: 100% manufacturing
TSMC Washington, LLC Jun. 03, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
other semiconductor devices
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd.
Shareholding: 67% TSMC Partners, Ltd. Mar. 26, 1998 British Virgin Islands US$ 988,268 Investing in companies involved in the semiconductor
design and manufacturing, and other investment activities
TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. May 28, 2007 Ontario, Canada CAD 2,434 Engineering support activities
TSMC Arizona Corporation
Shareholding: 100% TSMC Global Ltd. Jul. 18, 2006 British Virgin Islands US$ 19,384,000 Investment activities
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. (Note 3) Feb. 27, 2004 Cayman Islands US$ 283 Investing in technology start-up companies
Japan Advanced Semiconductor
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. (Note 4) Mar. 25, 2006 Cayman Islands US$ 67,400 Investing in technology start-up companies
Manufacturing, Inc.
Shareholding: 73% Growth Fund Limited (Note 5) May 30, 2007 Cayman Islands US$ 1,236 Investing in technology start-up companies
Emerging Fund, L.P. Jan. 27, 2021 Cayman Islands US$ 88,103 Investing in technology start-up companies
European Semiconductor Manufacturing
Company (ESMC) GmbH VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Dec. 01, 2003 Hsinchu, Taiwan NT$ 3,173,081 Research, design, development, manufacturing, sales,
packaging and test of color filter
Shareholding: 70%
Note 1: TSMC Arizona Corporation completed capital injections in January 2025 and February 2025 with capital stock of US$20 thousands post the capital injections.
Note 2: European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH will have capital injection in March 2025 with capital stock of EUR1,075 thousands post capital injection.
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. Note 3: VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Shareholding: 98% (Note 1) Note 4: VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Note 5: Growth Fund Limited is under dissolution procedures.
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Growth Fund Limited
Shareholding: 98% (Note 2) Shareholding: 100% (Note 3)
Emerging Fund, L.P. Note 1: VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Shareholding: 99.9% Note 2: VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Note 3: Growth Fund Limited is under dissolution procedures.
176 177

[TABLE START]

Company	Date of
Incorporation	Place of Registration	Capital Stock	Business Activities
	Jan. 18, 1988	San Jose, California, U.S.	US$ 11,000	
	Mar. 04, 1994	Amsterdam, The Netherlands	EUR 100	
	Sep. 10, 1997	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 300,000	
	May 02, 2006	Seoul, Korea	KRW 400,000	
	Jan. 10, 2020	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 750,000	
	Mar. 29, 2021	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 2,450,000	
	Aug. 04, 2003	Shanghai, China	RMB 4,502,080	
	May 16, 2016	Nanjing, China	RMB 6,650,119	
	Nov. 10, 2020	Arizona, U.S.	US$ 17 (Note 1)	
	Dec. 10, 2021	Kumamoto, Japan	JPY 207,232,200	
	Jun. 30, 2023	Dresden, Germany	EUR 1,050
(Note 2)	
	Feb. 20, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Feb. 16, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Jun. 03, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0	
	Mar. 26, 1998	British Virgin Islands	US$ 988,268	
	May 28, 2007	Ontario, Canada	CAD 2,434	
	Jul. 18, 2006	British Virgin Islands	US$ 19,384,000	
	Feb. 27, 2004	Cayman Islands	US$ 283	
	Mar. 25, 2006	Cayman Islands	US$ 67,400	
	May 30, 2007	Cayman Islands	US$ 1,236	
	Jan. 27, 2021	Cayman Islands	US$ 88,103	
	Dec. 01, 2003	Hsinchu, Taiwan	NT$ 3,173,081	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 91 ---

8.1.4 Shareholders in Common of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries with Deemed Control and Subordination: None.
Shareholding
Company Title Name
8.1.5 Rosters of Directors, Supervisors, and Presidents of TSMC’s Subsidiaries Shares (Investment Amount) % (Investment
Holding %)
Unit: NT$ (USD), except shareholding As of 12/31/2024 Japan Advanced Semiconductor Representative Director Y.H. Liaw - -
Manufacturing, Inc. Director Diane Kao - -
Shareholding
Director Chien-Hsin Lee - -
Company Title Name Director Yuichi Horita - -
% (Investment
Shares (Investment Amount) Director Yasuhiro Kono - -
Holding %)
Supervisor Morris Cheng - -
TSMC North America Director Sylvia Fang - - CEO Y.H. Liaw - -
Director David Keller - - President Yuichi Horita - -
CEO David Keller - - TSMC holds 3,010,894 shares 72.65%
President Sajiv Dalal - - European Semiconductor Manufacturing Shareholders’ Committee Chairman Arthur Chuang - -
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares 100% Company (ESMC) GmbH Shareholders’ Committee Member Chien-Hsin Lee - -
TSMC Europe B.V. Director Wendell Huang - - Shareholders’ Committee Member Morris Cheng - -
Director Paul de Bot - - Shareholders’ Committee Member David Liu - -
President Paul de Bot - - Shareholders’ Committee Member Stefan Joeres - -
TSMC holds 200 shares 100% Shareholders’ Committee Member Rutger Wijburg - -
Shareholders’ Committee Member Maarten Dirkzwager - -
TSMC Japan Limited Representative Director Makoto Onodera - - Managing Director Ray Chuang - -
Director Sylvia Fang - - Managing Director Christian Koitzsch - -
President Makoto Onodera - - TSMC holds 735,000 shares (Note 2) 70% (Note 2)
TSMC holds 6,000 shares 100%
TSMC Technology, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
TSMC Korea Limited Representative Director Wei-Li Chen - - Director L.C. Lu - -
Director Ray Wan - - President L.C. Lu - -
Director Wendell Huang - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
TSMC holds 80,000 shares 100%
TSMC Development, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Representative Director L.C. Lu - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - President Wendell Huang - -
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
TSMC holds 15,000 shares 100%
TSMC Washington, LLC Director Y.H. Liaw - -
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Representative Director Jun He - - Director Wendell Huang - -
Director Diane Kao - - President Julian Lee - -
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares 100%
TSMC holds 49,000 shares 100%
TSMC Partners, Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
TSMC China Company Limited Chairman F.C. Tseng - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
Director Y.P. Chyn - - President Wendell Huang - -
Director Roger Luo - - TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares 100%
Supervisor Lora Ho - -
President Roger Luo - - TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. Director L.C. Lu - -
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000) (100%) Director Cormac Michael O’Connell - -
Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited Chairman Lora Ho - - President L.C. Lu - -
Director Y.P. Chyn - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares 100%
Director Cliff Hou - -
Director Roger Luo - - TSMC Global Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
Supervisor Wendell Huang - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
Supervisor Sylvia Fang - - TSMC holds 19,384 shares 100%
President Roger Luo - - VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$277,199) (98.00%)
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000) (100%) (Note 3)
TSMC Arizona Corporation Chairman Rick Cassidy - - VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$66,052,139) (98.00%)
Director Y.L. Wang - - (Note 4)
Director Sylvia Fang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - Growth Fund Limited (Note 5) None None (VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests (100%)
CEO Y.L. Wang - - US$1,235,897)
President Rose Castanares - -
TSMC holds 17,850,000 shares (Note 1) 100% Emerging Fund, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$88,014,901) (99.90%)
(Continued) VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Chairman Robert Kuan 264,500 shares 0.08%
Director Chien-Hsin Lee - -
Director David Liu - -
Independent Director Laura Huang - -
Independent Director Emma Chang - -
Independent Director P.H. Chang - -
Independent Director Han-Fei Lin - -
CEO/President Robert Kuan - -
TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares 67.32% (Note 6)
Note 1: T SMC Arizona Corporation completed a capital injection in January 2025, which included 1,350,000 shares of advance receipts. In addition, TSMC Arizona Corporation completed capital injections in February
2025. After the capital injections, TSMC holds 19,550,000 shares and 100% equity interests in TSMC Arizona Corporation.
Note 2: European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH ("ESMC") will have capital injection in March 2025. After the capital injection, TSMC will hold 752,500 shares and 70% equity interests in ESMC.
Note 3: VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Note 4: VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. was dissolved in 2025.
Note 5: Growth Fund Limited is under dissolution procedures.
Note 6: As of February 2025, TSMC’s ownership of VisEra is 67.32% due to VisEra’s continuous execution of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
178 179

[TABLE START]

Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Representative Director
Director
Director
Director
Director
Supervisor
CEO
President	Y.H. Liaw
Diane Kao
Chien-Hsin Lee
Yuichi Horita
Yasuhiro Kono
Morris Cheng
Y.H. Liaw
Yuichi Horita	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 3,010,894 shares	
	Shareholders’ Committee Chairman
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Shareholders’ Committee Member
Managing Director
Managing Director	Arthur Chuang
Chien-Hsin Lee
Morris Cheng
David Liu
Stefan Joeres
Rutger Wijburg
Maarten Dirkzwager
Ray Chuang
Christian Koitzsch	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 735,000 shares (Note 2)	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
L.C. Lu
L.C. Lu	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Y.H. Liaw
Wendell Huang
Julian Lee	-
-
-
TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares	
	Director
Director
Director
President	L.C. Lu
Cormac Michael O’Connell
Sylvia Fang
L.C. Lu	-
-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares	
	Director
Director	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang	-
-
TSMC holds 19,384 shares	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$277,199)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$66,052,139)	
	None	None	(VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests
US$1,235,897)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$88,014,901)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
CEO/President	Robert Kuan
Chien-Hsin Lee
David Liu
Laura Huang
Emma Chang
P.H. Chang
Han-Fei Lin
Robert Kuan	264,500 shares
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares	
Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Director
Director
CEO
President	Sylvia Fang
David Keller
David Keller
Sajiv Dalal	-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Paul de Bot
Paul de Bot	-
-
-
TSMC holds 200 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
President	Makoto Onodera
Sylvia Fang
Makoto Onodera	-
-
-
TSMC holds 6,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Director	Wei-Li Chen
Ray Wan
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 80,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	L.C. Lu
Wendell Huang
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 15,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	Jun He
Diane Kao
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 49,000 shares	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Supervisor
President	F.C. Tseng
Y.P. Chyn
Roger Luo
Lora Ho
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Supervisor
Supervisor
President	Lora Ho
Y.P. Chyn
Cliff Hou
Roger Luo
Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Director
CEO
President	Rick Cassidy
Y.L. Wang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang
Y.L. Wang
Rose Castanares	-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 17,850,000 shares (Note 1)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 92 ---

8.1.6 Operational Highlights of TSMC Subsidiaries
Unit: NT$ thousands, except EPS (NT$) As of 12/31/2024
Income Basic Earning
Capital Net Net Income
Company Assets Liabilities Net Worth (Loss) from (Loss) Per
Stock Revenues (Loss)
Operation Share
TSMC North America 360,448 494,324,245 486,467,322 7,856,923 2,066,605,288 4,043,133 1,141,666 103.79
TSMC Europe B.V. 3,410 1,008,995 377,056 631,939 664,737 234,275 41,506 207,530.55
TSMC Japan Limited 62,760 257,933 128,707 129,226 274,314 120,578 4,694 782.39
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. 156,900 604,720 186,337 418,383 870,534 275,458 42,836 2,855.72
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. 512,540 1,709,053 365,683 1,343,370 946,628 278,339 177,952 3,631.67
TSMC Korea Limited 8,920 46,125 2,361 43,764 12,933 1,202 1,913 23.92
TSMC Development, Inc. 0.03 39,632,534 0 39,632,534 828,447 (172,992) (346,954) (34,695,416.00)
TSMC Partners, Ltd. 32,383,574 76,837,398 69 76,837,329 1,888,987 1,737,572 1,723,648 1.74
TSMC Global Ltd. 635,174,912 1,019,515,522 247,077,568 772,437,954 42,998,157 37,342,396 37,342,396 2,533,544.43
TSMC Washington, LLC 0 7,999,932 2,474,418 5,525,514 5,945,919 (1,362,667) (1,001,385) (3.41)
TSMC China Company Limited 20,213,889 114,583,264 4,071,951 110,511,313 25,913,486 10,995,390 11,273,152 NA
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited 29,858,371 149,167,726 32,202,147 116,965,579 69,035,463 25,960,606 25,954,842 NA
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. 3,173,081 24,739,536 6,675,790 18,063,746 10,002,074 2,007,339 1,738,905 5.49
TSMC Arizona Corporation 541 842,626,491 298,124,387 544,502,104 0 (24,291,263) (14,298,315) (1,144.92)
Japan Advanced Semiconductor 43,352,976 161,575,137 82,560,347 79,014,790 108,406 (8,363,000) (4,375,561) (1,177.09)
Manufacturing, Inc.
European Semiconductor Manufacturing 35,807 26,750,103 1,735,717 25,014,386 0 (702,304) (556,876) (596.52)
Company (ESMC) GmbH
TSMC Technology, Inc. 0.03 3,951,653 2,392,307 1,559,346 5,101,227 1,703,297 351,561 35,156,111.50
TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. 55,614 512,774 88,702 424,072 379,415 30,046 52,594 22.87
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. 9,269 0 0 0 2,592 (2,815) (3,177) NA
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. 2,208,568 0 0 0 4,254 1,062 1,062 NA
Growth Fund Limited 40,498 0 0 0 5,927 4,307 4,254 NA
Emerging Fund, L.P. 2,886,959 3,217,273 34 3,217,239 14,659 (17,367) (17,367) NA
8.1.7 C onsolidated Financial Statements and Affiliation Reports of Affiliated Enterprises
Please refer to our company's consolidated financial statements on the Market Observation Post System (MOPS).
Link to MOPS: https://mops.twse.com.tw/mops/#/web/home
8.2 Special Notes
8.2.1 P rivate Placement Securities in 2024 and as of the Date of this Annual Report: None.
8.2.2 A ny Events in 2024 and as of the Date of this Annual Report that Had Material Impacts on Shareholders’
Interests or Securities Prices as Stated in Item 3 Paragraph 2 of Article 36 of Securities and Exchange Act of
Taiwan: None.
8.2.3 Other Necessary Supplement: None.
180 181

[TABLE START]

Company	Capital
Stock	Assets	Liabilities	Net Worth	Net
Revenues	Income
(Loss) from
Operation	Net Income
(Loss)	Basic Earning
(Loss) Per
Share
	360,448	494,324,245	486,467,322	7,856,923	2,066,605,288	4,043,133	1,141,666	
	3,410	1,008,995	377,056	631,939	664,737	234,275	41,506	
	62,760	257,933	128,707	129,226	274,314	120,578	4,694	
	156,900	604,720	186,337	418,383	870,534	275,458	42,836	
	512,540	1,709,053	365,683	1,343,370	946,628	278,339	177,952	
	8,920	46,125	2,361	43,764	12,933	1,202	1,913	
	0.03	39,632,534	0	39,632,534	828,447	(172,992)	(346,954)	
	32,383,574	76,837,398	69	76,837,329	1,888,987	1,737,572	1,723,648	
	635,174,912	1,019,515,522	247,077,568	772,437,954	42,998,157	37,342,396	37,342,396	
	0	7,999,932	2,474,418	5,525,514	5,945,919	(1,362,667)	(1,001,385)	
	20,213,889	114,583,264	4,071,951	110,511,313	25,913,486	10,995,390	11,273,152	
	29,858,371	149,167,726	32,202,147	116,965,579	69,035,463	25,960,606	25,954,842	
	3,173,081	24,739,536	6,675,790	18,063,746	10,002,074	2,007,339	1,738,905	
	541	842,626,491	298,124,387	544,502,104	0	(24,291,263)	(14,298,315)	
	43,352,976	161,575,137	82,560,347	79,014,790	108,406	(8,363,000)	(4,375,561)	
	35,807	26,750,103	1,735,717	25,014,386	0	(702,304)	(556,876)	
	0.03	3,951,653	2,392,307	1,559,346	5,101,227	1,703,297	351,561	
	55,614	512,774	88,702	424,072	379,415	30,046	52,594	
	9,269	0	0	0	2,592	(2,815)	(3,177)	
	2,208,568	0	0	0	4,254	1,062	1,062	
	40,498	0	0	0	5,927	4,307	4,254	
	2,886,959	3,217,273	34	3,217,239	14,659	(17,367)	(17,367)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 93 ---

Contact Information
Asia
TSMC China Company Limited TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc.
Taiwan
4000, Wen Xiang Road, Songjiang, Shanghai, China 10F, Minatomirai Grand Central Tower, 4-6-2, Minatomirai, Nishi-ku,
Postcode: 201616 Yokohama, Kanagawa, 220-0012, Japan
Corporate Headquarters & Fab 12A Fab 15B
Tel: +86-21-57768000 Tel: +81-45-6644500
8, Li-Hsin Rd. 6, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-096, Taiwan, R.O.C. 1, Xinke Rd., Central Taiwan Science Park, Taichung 407-728, Taiwan,
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5637000 R.O.C. TSMC Nanjing Company Limited TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc.
Tel: +886-4-27026688 Fax: +886-4-24630372 16, Zifeng Road, Pukou Economic Development Zone, Nanjing, 2F, 7D Bldg., West, 16-1 Onogawa, Tsukuba, Ibaraki, 305-8569,
Global R&D Center
Jiangsu Province, China Japan
168, Kehuan Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 308-001, Taiwan, Fab 18A
Postcode: 211806 Tel: +81-29-893-2968
R.O.C. 8, Beiyuan Rd. 2, Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 745-093,
Tel: +86-25-57668000
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Taiwan, R.O.C. Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc.
Tel: +886-6-5056688 Fax: +886-6-5050363 TSMC Korea Limited 4106-1, Haramizu, Kikuyo-machi, Kikuchi-gun, Kumamoto,
Fab 12B
Rm 2104-2105 west, Hanshin Inter Valley 24 Building, 322, 869-1102, Japan
168, Park Ave. 2, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-091, Taiwan, Fab 18B
Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul 06211, Korea Tel: +81-96-9213-9421
R.O.C. 8, Beiyuan Rd. 2, Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 745-093,
Tel: +82-2-20511688
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-6687827 Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +886-6-5056688 TSMC Japan Limited
Fab 2, Fab 5
21F, Queen’s Tower C, 2-3-5, Minatomirai, Nishi-ku, Yokohama,
121, Park Ave. 3, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-096, Taiwan, Fab 20
Kanagawa, 220-6221, Japan
R.O.C. 1, Kehuan Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 308-001, Taiwan, R.O.C.
Tel: +81-45-682-0670
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5781546 Tel: +886-3-5636688
Fab 3 Fab 22
9, Creation Rd. 1, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-092, Taiwan, 1, Yuanqu N. Rd., Nanzi Dist., Kaohsiung City 811, Taiwan, R.O.C. Europe/North America
R.O.C. Tel: +886-6-5056688
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5781548 Advanced Backend Fab 1 TSMC Europe B.V. TSMC Washington, LLC
Fab 6 6, Creation Rd. 2, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-093, Taiwan, World Trade Center, Zuidplein 60, 1077 XV Amsterdam, 5509 N.W. Parker Street, Camas, WA 98607-9299, U.S.A.
1, Nan-Ke North Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741-014, R.O.C. The Netherlands Tel: +1-360-8173000 Fax: +1-360-8173009
Taiwan, R.O.C. Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5773628 Tel: +31-20-3059900 TSMC Arizona Corporation
Tel: +886-6-5056688 Fax: +886-6-5052057 Advanced Backend Fab 2 TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. 5088 W. Innovation Circle, Phoenix, AZ 85083, U.S.A.
Fab 8 1, Sanbaozhu Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741-013, 1000 Innovation Drive, Suite 400, Kanata, ON K2K 3E7, Canada Tel: +1-602-567-1688
25, Li-Hsin Rd., Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-094, Taiwan, R.O.C. Taiwan, R.O.C. Tel: +613-576-1990 European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5662051 Tel: +886-6-5056688 Fax: +886- 6-5057223 TSMC North America (ESMC) GmbH
Fab 14A Advanced Backend Fab 3 2851 Junction Avenue, San Jose, CA 95134, U.S.A. World Trade Center, Rosenstrasse 32, 01067 Dresden, Germany
1-1, Nan-Ke North Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741-014, 101, Longyuan 6th Rd., Longtan Dist., Taoyuan City 325-002, Taiwan, Tel: +1-408-3828000 Fax: +1-408-3828008
Taiwan, R.O.C. R.O.C. TSMC Technology, Inc.
Tel: +886-6-5056688 Fax: +886-6-5051262 Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-4804250
2851 Junction Avenue, San Jose, CA 95134, U.S.A.
Fab 14B Advanced Backend Fab 5 Tel: +1-408-3828000
17, Nan-Ke 9th Rd., Southern Taiwan Science Park, Tainan 741-014, 5, Keya W. Rd., Central Taiwan Science Park, Taichung 428-303, Taiwan,
Taiwan, R.O.C. R.O.C.
TSMC Spokesperson Common Share Transfer Agent and Registrar
Tel: +886-6-5056688 Fax: +886-6-5055217 Tel: +886-4-27026688 Fax: +886-4-25609631
Name: Wendell Huang Company: Stock Affairs Agency Department of CTBC Bank Co., Ltd.
Fab 15A Advanced Backend Fab 6 Title: Senior Vice President & CFO Address: 5F., No. 83, Sec. 1, Chongqing S. Rd., Zhongzheng Dist.,
1, Keya Rd. 6, Central Taiwan Science Park, Taichung 428-303, Taiwan, 1, Kezhuan 1st Rd., Zhunan Township, Miaoli 350-012, Taiwan, R.O.C. Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5637000 Taipei City 100-003, Taiwan, R.O.C.
R.O.C. Tel: +886-3-5636688 Email: press@tsmc.com Tel: +886-2-66365566
Tel: +886-4-27026688 Fax: +886-4-25607548 Website: https://www.ctbcbank.com
VisEra Technologies Company Limited TSMC Deputy Spokesperson
12, Duxing Rd. 1, Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu 300-096, Taiwan, R.O.C. Name: Nina Kao
Tel: +886-3-6668788 Fax: +886-3-6662858 Title: Head of Public Relations Division ADR Depositary Bank
Tel: +886-3-5636688 Fax: +886-3-5637000 Company: Citibank, N.A.
Email: press@tsmc.com Depositary Receipts Services
Address: 388 Greenwich Street, 26th Floor, New York, NY 10013,
Auditors
U.S.A.
Company: Deloitte & Touche
Website: https://www.citi.com/dr
Auditors: Shih-Tsung Wu, Shang-Chih Lin
Tel: +1-877-2484237 (toll free)
Address: 20F, No. 100, Songren Rd., Xinyi Dist.,Taipei 110-016,
Tel: +1-781-5754555 (out of US) Fax: +1-201-3243284
Taiwan, R.O.C.
E-mail: citibank@shareholders-online.com
Tel: +886-2-27259988 Fax: +886-2-40516888
Website: http://www.deloitte.com.tw
TSMC’s depositary receipts of the common shares are listed on New
York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol TSM. The information
relating to TSM is available at https://www.nyse.com and https://
mops.twse.com.tw
“TSMC”, “tsmc”, “Open Innovation Platform”, “Open Innovation”, “GIGAFAB”, “CoWoS”, “TSMC-SoIC”, “3DFabric”, “TSMC 3DFabric”, “N12e”, “3Dblox”, “TSMC-COUPE”, “TSMC-SoW”,
and “TSMC A16” are some of TSMC’s registered and/or pending trademarks used by the Company in various jurisdictions, including Taiwan. All rights reserved.
Copyright © 2024 by Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, Ltd. All rights reserved.
182