
--- Page 68 ---

企業風險管理架構
業務策略：技術領先、卓越製造、客戶信 任
6.2.3 Cash Flow 6.2.5 Long-term Equity Investment Policy and Results
董事會
Consolidated TSMC’s long-term equity investments, accounted for using the equity method, were all made for strategic purposes. In 2023, the
審計委員會 風險治理
Unit: NT$ thousands gains from these investments amounted to NT$4,655,098 thousand on a consolidated basis, down from the previous year mainly
Net Cash Effect of Exchange Remedy for Liquidity Shortfall due to decreases in product demand. In the future, TSMC’s long-term equity investments, accounted for using the equity method,
Net Cash Provided Net Cash Used in
Ca 1 s 2 h / 3 B 1 a / l 2 a 0 n 2 c 2 e by Operating Investing Activities Financ G in e g n e A ra ct t i e v d it i b e y s Ra C te a s C h h a a n n d g e C s a o sh n Ca 1 s 2 h / 3 B 1 a / l 2 a 0 n 2 c 3 e will continue to focus on strategic purposes throu 管 gh 理 pr 團 ud 隊 en ( t 註 as ) s essments.
Activities in 2023 in 2023 Investment Plan Financing Plan 具
in 2023 Equivalents in 2023
風
1,342,814,083 1,241,967,347 (906,120,596) (204,894,252) (8,338,829) 1,465,427,753 None None 6.3 Risk Management
險
風險管理政策與程序
意
6.3.1 Risk Management Overview
識
● Analysis of Cash Flow 的 辨 識 評 估 回 應 監 控 審 查 風險管理流程
NT$1,242.0 billion net cash generated by operating activities: mainly include net income, along with depreciation and amortization Ri 文 sk Management Policy and Framework
expenses. TS 化 MC adopts a balanced risk-reward approach to risk management to optimize business returns while considering the holistic
NT$906.1 billion net cash used in investing activities: primarily for capital expenditures. impact on corporate sustainability. TSMC’s risk management policy, approved by the Board of Directors and signed by the
NT$204.9 billion net cash used in financing activities: mainly for cash dividend payment, partially offset by issuance of corporate Chairman, affirms the commitment to proactive and robust risk management system in assisting TSMC in making well-considered,
bonds. risk-based decisions that fulfill the corpo關ra鍵te v風isio險n 指and標 de l/i ve風r s險ust登ain記ab冊le value to TSMC and its stakeholders. 風險管理工具
● Remedial Actions for Liquidity Shortfall
As a result of positive operating cash flows and cash on-hand, remedial actions are not required. Adhering closely to the ISO 31000: 2018 Risk Managem風ent險 Sy管ste理m 職and能 th與e C溝om通mittee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
● Cash Flow Projection for Next Year: Not applicable. Treadway Commission (COSO)’s Enterprise Risk Management – Integrated Framework, TSMC’s enterprise risk management (ERM)
framework was established to provide a systematic app整ro合ach式 to風 ris險k m管an理agIeTm系en統t. It outlines the risk governance structure, the
Unconsolidated m * 包 an 含 a 風 ge 險 m 管 e 理 nt 指 p 導 ro 委 c 員 es 會 s t 、 h 風 at 險 in 管 te 理 g 執 ra 行 te 委 s 員 bu 會 si 、 ne 風 s 險 s o 管 p 理 er 工 at 作 io 小 n 組 s, 、 an 中 d 央 t 危 oo 機 ls 指 t 揮 ha 中 t 心 fa 與 cil 危 ita 機 t 處 e t 理 h 小 e 組 monitoring of risks, as well as a formalized
training and communication program in building risk competency and fostering a risk-aware culture, to assist the management in
Unit: NT$ thousands
making informed risk-based decisions while implementing business strategies.
Net Cash Provided by Net Cash Used in Net Cash Used in Remedy for Liquidity Shortfall
Cash Balance Cash Balance
Operating Activities in Investing Activities in Financing Activities in
12/31/2022 12/31/2023
2023 2023 2023 Investment Plan Financing Plan
628,875,897 1,207,082,903 (588,128,653) (529,126,435) 718,703,712 None None TSMC Enterprise Risk Management Framework
CORPORATE STRATEGY | Technology Leadership, Manufacturing Excellence, Customer Partnership
● Analysis of Cash Flow
NT$1,207.1 billion net cash generated by operating activities: mainly include net income, along with depreciation and amortization
expenses.
NT$588.1 billion net cash used in investing activities: primarily for capital expenditures. Risk
NT$529.1 billion net cash used in financing activities: mainly for investment in subsidiaries and cash dividend payment, partially Governance
offset by issuance of corporate bonds and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
● Remedial Actions for Liquidity Shortfall
As a result of positive operating cash flows and cash on-hand, remedial actions are not required.
● Cash Flow Projection for Next Year: Not applicable.
Risk
6.2.4 Recent Years Major Capital Expenditures and Impact on Financial and Business Management
Unit: NT$ thousands Process
Actual Use of Capital Total Amount for
Plan Actual or Planned Source of Capital
2023 and 2022
2023 2022
Production Facilities, R&D and Production Equipment Cash flow generated from operations and issuance of 2,010,767,157 938,456,321 1,072,310,836
corporate bonds Key Risk Indicator / Risk Register Risk
Management Tools
Others Cash flow generated from operations 21,721,798 11,360,504 10,361,294
Total 2,032,488,955 949,816,825 1,082,672,130
Risk Management Competency and Communication
Integrated Risk Managemet IT System
Based on capital expenditures listed above, TSMC’s annual production capacity increased by approximately 0.8 million 12-inch
equivalent wafers in 2023.
132 133
erutluC
erawa-ksiR
策略風險 財務風險 合規風險 營運風險
● E nterprise Risk Management Framework
Board of Directors
Audit and Risk Committee
Management (Note)
Risk Management Policy and Procedures
Identification Assessment Response Monitor Review
Strategic Risk Financial Risk Compliance Risk Operational Risk
N*o Cteo: Imncplurdiessi nthge oRifs kR Misakn aMgeamneangt Setmeereinngt CSotmemerititnege, CRisok mMmaniatgteeme,e nRt iEsxke cMutiaven Caoguenmcil,e Rnistk EMxaencaguetmiveen tC Toasukfnocrciel,s ,R Ciesnkt rMal Carnisaisg Ceommmeanntd T Caesnktefro arncde sCr,i sis Management Team
Central Crisis Command Centre & Crisis Management Team

[TABLE START]

Cash Balance
12/31/2022	Net Cash Provided
by Operating
Activities in 2023	Net Cash Used in
Investing Activities
in 2023	Net Cash
Generated by
Financing Activities
in 2023	Effect of Exchange
Rate Changes on
Cash and Cash
Equivalents in 2023	Cash Balance
12/31/2023	Remedy for Liquidity Shortfall	
						Investment Plan	Financing Plan
	1,241,967,347	(906,120,596)	(204,894,252)	(8,338,829)	1,465,427,753	None	
Cash Balance
12/31/2022	Net Cash Provided by
Operating Activities in
2023	Net Cash Used in
Investing Activities in
2023	Net Cash Used in
Financing Activities in
2023	Cash Balance
12/31/2023	Remedy for Liquidity Shortfall	
					Investment Plan	Financing Plan
	1,207,082,903	(588,128,653)	(529,126,435)	718,703,712	None	
Board of Directors
Audit and Risk Committee
Management (Note)	Risk
Governance
Risk Management Policy and Procedures
Identification Assessment Response Monitor Review
Strategic Risk Financial Risk Compliance Risk Operational Risk	Risk
Management
Process
Plan	Actual or Planned Source of Capital	Total Amount for
2023 and 2022	Actual Use of Capital	
			2023	2022
	Cash flow generated from operations and issuance of
corporate bonds	2,010,767,157	938,456,321	
	Cash flow generated from operations	21,721,798	11,360,504	
		2,032,488,955	949,816,825	
Key Risk Indicator / Risk Register	Risk
Management Tools
Risk Management Competency and Communication	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 69 ---

Risk Appetite and Risk Management Scope ● Risk Management Governance Structure ● E nsures that risk management is incorporated into strategic
TSMC has defined its risk appetite in statements that outline the nature and extent of risks that TSMC is willing to take in pursuit of business development and operational planning, day-to-day
its business goals: Board of Directors management and decision making.
● Risk taken should be carefully evaluated, commensurate with rewards and be in line with the Company’s strategic, investment, ● A dvises the Board on proposed transactions to address
financial and corporate objectives. strategic risks and capitalize on opportunities.
● Risk considerations are an integral part of business operations and managed within the risk tolerance (risk indicators) of the
divisions, of relevant functional units and of the Company itself. Audit and Risk Committee Risk Management Executive Council
● The Company will not invest or participate in any business activities that exceed its risk tolerance. Specifically, the Company ● Identifies potential and emerging risks that may impact TSMC
does not safety related breaches or lapses, non-compliance with laws and regulations, or illegal acts such as fraud, bribery and in achieving its objectives and/or the continued effectiveness
Risk Management Steering
corruption. and efficiency of its business operations.
Committee
(Functional heads, VP level) ● C onducts risk assessments, defines mitigation plans, including
Following a five-step risk management process – identification, assessment, response, monitoring and review, risks assessments incident management plans, provides sponsorship and
are performed by key functional units to form an enterprise-level risk map and mitigation plans, which are presented to the Audit allocates sufficient resources to enable timely and effective
Risk Management Executive
and Risk Committee. This process is supported by ongoing education and awareness efforts in fostering a risk-aware culture and Council Risk Management mitigation.
(Members titled as Risk Management Division
building risk competencies. TSMC recognizes that its systems and processes provide reasonable but not absolute assurance and Champion (RMC), director-level) ● L eads and drives cross-functional taskforces, meetings
hence continually strives to improve its ability to manage and respond to risks and opportunities that remain relevant and effective. or other activities to ensure that risks are adequately and
effectively mitigated, including collaboration with risk
Risk Management Taskforces
● TSMC’s Key Risks (Representatives from each Fab/Division) management division and various other parties.
● D efines key risk indicators (KRIs) to proactively monitor risk
Strategic Risks Operational Risks
dynamics and respond in a timely and effective manner.
● ● I C n h d a u n s g tr e y s d in e v t e e l c o h p n m o e lo n g ts y ● ● N P   r a o t j u e r c a t l m an a d n a m ge a m n- e m n a t, d c e o d n i s s t a r s u t c e t r i s on of new fabs Risk management is a responsibility shared by both ● B uilds a risk-aware culture and raises risk competency in fabs
●Decrease in demand and average selling price ●S ales concentration and divisions, including but not limited to training, exercises
●Competition ●P urchasing concentration management and employees. All employees are required to
●Investment and capacity expansion ●Intellectual property rights
be competent and accountable for managing risks related to
and continuous improvements.
●M ergers and acquisitions
Financial Risks ●IT security their area of responsibility with clear risk ownership. TSMC Risk ● D efines and facilitates action plans based on root cause
●E r  e c g o u n l o a m tio ic n s r is o k r s i m in p cl l u e d m in en g t i a n t t io er n e s o t f r n a e te w fl t u a c x t u la a w ti s on, foreign exchange volatility, inflation, and amendments to tax ● ● R F   u e t c u ru re it i R n & g D q u p a la li n ty s a p n e d rs o e n xp n e e c l ted R&D spending Management Academy is set up with the aim to equip and analysis to prevent reoccurrences of major incidents, high-risk
● ● E H   x ig te h r - n r a is l k fi o n r a h n i c g in h g ly leveraged investments; lending, endorsements, and guarantees for other parties; and financial ● ● C C   h h a a n n g g e e i i n n c m o a rp n o ag ra e t m e e re n p t utation and impact on the Company’s crisis management raise risk competencies for all levels of employees, including e re v v e i n ew ts s a . nd major findings raised from internal and external
derivative transactions Board of Directors and management in support of an effective
●Impairment charges risk-aware culture embedding risk management as part of ● R eports to the risk management steering committee on the
Compliance Risks progress, effectiveness, and lessons learned, and implements
performance appraisal process promotes risk accountability
●C hanges in the government policies and regulatory environment the decisions made by the committee.
●L itigation and non-litigation matters and ownership. The roles and responsibilities of the risk
●N on-compliance with export control, environmental and climate change related laws, regulations and accords, and management governance structure are defined as below:
failure to timely obtain requisite approvals necessary for conducting business
Risk Management Taskforce
Risk Management Steering Committee ● Identifies and assesses potential risks and threats that may
Risk Management Governance Structure prevent TSMC from achieving its business objectives and
● Advises the Board in determining overall risk appetite,
Risk management at TSMC involves both the Board of Directors and management in an effort to embed sound risk management deploys appropriate mitigation measures.
tolerance, strategy and resource allocation, taking
practices in business decisions and operations across the Company. The Board of Directors is responsible for the governance of risk into account current and prospective macroeconomic, ● P lans and executes risk prevention and mitigation in
and has authorized the Audit and Risk Committee to review TSMC’s ERM framework. At the managerial level, risk management accordance with various scenarios.
technological, regulatory, environmental and social
governance structure includes Risk Management Steering Committee, Risk Management Executive Council, taskforces and the risk developments and trends. ● O rganizes and/or participates in cross-functional meetings,
management division. in addressing risks that span multiple disciplines or divisions/
● Reviews and oversees the applicability and performances of
fabs.
the risk management framework, policy and procedures.
Assisting the Audit and Risk Committee in establishing and overseeing a proactive and effective risk management system, the risk ● Provides advice and assurance to the Board by adopting a ● P articipates in the implementation and execution of risk
management division works with each function and fab in applying the ERM framework to assess and mitigate risks throughout management initiatives and activities.
holistic view of the key risks that TSMC is exposed to and
TSMC by monitoring, implementing risk related policies and guidelines, as well as taking initiatives to support the implementation of approves the prioritization of risk mitigations. ● R eviews the investigation of major incidents, high-risk events
ERM framework. Every six months, the risk management division reports to the Audit and Risk Committee on TSMC’s key risks and and major findings raised from internal and external checks
● Sets the tone toward risk management from the top,
mitigation efforts. The Audit and Risk Committee’s chairperson then reports to the Board of Directors on the current risk profile and for division. Monitors the effectiveness of action plans.
provides sponsorship to initiatives and activities to nurture the
risk mitigation measures being taken.
desired risk culture, awareness and capabilities of effectively
and sufficiently managing key risks and new type of risks,
including clarifying risk ownership.
134 135
draoB
tnemeganaM

[TABLE START]

Strategic Risks	Operational Risks
	●N atural and man-made disasters
●Project management, construction of new fabs
●Sales concentration
●Purchasing concentration
●Intellectual property rights
●M ergers and acquisitions
●IT security
●Recruiting quality personnel
●Future R&D plans and expected R&D spending
●Change in corporate reputation and impact on the Company’s crisis management
●Change in management

[TABLE END]


--- Page 70 ---

Risk Management Division preparedness. In major incidents or crisis events, the crisis technologies, products and services to meet these customer AI continues to evolve, cyber-attackers could also use AI to
● Assists the Board in establishing and overseeing a proactive management guidelines are followed. The Central Crisis needs will be critical for the Company to effectively compete develop malicious codes and sophisticated phishing attempts.
and effective mechanism of risk management and business Command Centre (C4), headed by the CEO and comprised of in this space. TSMC also believes that the effective use of AI
continuity, including risk appetite and tolerance, risk strategy senior executives across key functions, provides guidance and in its internal operations is important to its long-term success. Malicious hackers may also try to introduce computer viruses,
and management framework, policy, and procedures. decision-making to ensure a constant readiness-to-respond As the AI technologies are rapidly evolving, if TSMC is unable corrupted software or ransomware into TSMC’s network
● Strengthens risk culture, awareness, and risk management capability, including timely responses and communication to to deploy new AI technologies in its internal operations as systems to disrupt its operations, blackmail the Company
capabilities through continuous trainings, communications key stakeholders. effectively as its competitors, it may hurt the Company’s to regain control of its computing systems, or spy on it for
and awareness programs. competitive position. In addition, TSMC’s customers have sensitive information. These attacks may result in TSMC
● Identifies and analyzes the sources and categories of risks to 6.3.2 Strategic Risks significantly decreased the time in which their products or having to pay damages for its delayed or disrupted orders
the Company and regularly reviews their relevance. services are launched into the market. If TSMC is unable to or incur significant expenses in implementing remedial and
Risks Associated with Changes in Technology and
● Facilitates risk management committees and risk owners meet these shorter product time-to-market, it risks losing improvement measures to further enhance its cybersecurity
Industry
in the implementation of risk management activities and these customers. These factors have also been intensified by network, and may also expose the Company to significant
initiatives to identify and manage risks, including the ● Industry Developments the shift of the global technology market to consumer driven legal liabilities arising from or related to legal proceedings or
The electronics industries and semiconductor market
review of mitigation plans, business continuity, crisis and products, such as smartphones, and increasing competition regulatory investigations associated with such breaches.
are cyclical and subject to significant and often rapid
incident management plans; reviews the effectiveness of and concentration of customers (all further discussed among
fluctuations in product demand, which could impact TSMC’s
risk management activities through documented reports, these risk factors). TSMC has experienced in the past, and may in the future
semiconductor foundry business. Variations in customer order
management discussions and meetings. be subject to attacks by malicious software. TSMC has
levels may result in volatility in the Company’s revenue and
● Coordinates cross-department and cross-functional Also, the uncertainty and instability inherent in advanced implemented and continually updated rigorous cybersecurity
earnings.
interaction and communication of risk management technologies impose challenges for achieving expected product measures to prevent and minimize harm caused by such
operations and decisions, including implementing decisions quality and product yield. If TSMC fails to maintain quality, it attacks. Such measures include establishing advanced portable
From time to time, the electronics and semiconductor
of Risk Management Steering Committee. may result in loss of revenue and additional cost, as well as loss virus scanning tools and new fab tool virus scanning including
industries have experienced significant and occasionally
● Consults with management, consultants and peers on best of business or customer trust. If TSMC is unable to overcome internal computer scanning to protect fab equipment,
prolonged periods of downturns and overcapacity. Because
practices and standards for continuous improvement and the above factors, it may become less competitive and its strengthening GIGAFAB® network architecture and network
TSMC is, and will continue to be, dependent on the demand
benchmarking. revenue may decline significantly. controls to prevent computer viruses from spreading among
of electronics and semiconductor companies for its services,
● Prepares reports to stakeholders that may be required from tools and fabs, installing advanced malware defense solutions
periods of downturns and overcapacity in the general
time to time by regulators, government agencies, insurers/ Regarding the response measures for the above-mentioned for critical computers, building a defense shield in the Cloud,
electronics and semiconductor industries could lead to reduced
brokers and customers, including an annual report on the risks, please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position, Differentiation and including new Cloud solution architecture to secure internet
demand for overall semiconductor foundry services, including
implementation of Company’s risk management system. Strategy” on page 19-21 of this Annual Report. access, and enhancing Cloud solutions and public website
TSMC’s services. If TSMC is not able take appropriate actions,
security policy and framework, adopting advanced solutions
such as reducing its costs to sufficiently offset declines in
Crisis Management and Business Continuity ● IT Security against distributed denial-of-service attacks, introducing new
demand, the Company’s revenue, margins and earnings will
Management Even though TSMC has established a comprehensive internet technology for data protection, enhancing and certifying
likely suffer during periods of downturns and overcapacity.
TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience and computing security network, the Company cannot office computer security compliance, improving email phishing
and business continuity by following standards that enable guarantee that its computing systems which control or defense and implementing employee awareness testing. TSMC
the Company to respond effectively to business disruption. ● Changes in Technology maintain vital corporate functions, such as manufacturing also established an integrated and automatic security operation
The semiconductor industry and its technologies are constantly
The Company is cognizant of the major risks of natural operations and enterprise accounting, would be completely platform, enabled the automation of cybersecurity event
changing. TSMC competes by developing process technologies
and man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, immune to crippling cyberattacks. In the event of a serious detection and response, enhanced internal security assessment
using increasingly advanced nodes and manufacturing
typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic cyberattack, TSMC’s systems may lose important corporate automation, conducted external red team testing and practiced
products with more functions. The Company also competes
eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, pandemic, cyberattacks, data or its production lines may be shut down pending the responses to ransomware attacks. For supply chain risk
by developing new derivative technologies. If TSMC does
supply chain disruption, geopolitical tension, sabotage, failure resolution of such attack. Major cyberattacks could also lead reduction, through collaboration, TSMC helps major suppliers
not anticipate these changes in technologies and rapidly
of critical facilities and equipment, and shortages in the supply to loss or divulgence of trade secrets and other sensitive improve their security, shares best practices at industry security
develop new and innovative technologies, or if the Company’s
of utilities, such as water, electricity and natural gas that could information, such as proprietary information of its customers events, and conducts supplier security onsite audits. Moreover,
competitors unforeseeably gain sudden access to additional
disrupt operations. and other stakeholders and personal information of its TSMC has collaborated with the Semiconductor Equipment
technologies, TSMC may not be able to provide foundry
employees. While TSMC seeks to continuously review and and Materials Institute (SEMI) to set up a Semiconductor
services on competitive terms. For example, the global surge
To mitigate the operational impact of crisis events, the risk assess its cybersecurity policies and procedures to ensure their Cybersecurity Committee to promote security standards
in the development of artificial intelligence (AI) has had
management division implements pre-crisis risk assessment, adequacy and effectiveness, it can’t guarantee that it will not (SEMI E187) as well as security assessment methodology for
a significant impact on customer demand for advanced
response procedures and recovery plans. Exercises and drills be susceptible to new and emerging risks and attacks in the improving the resilience of the semiconductor supply chain,
semiconductor chips and the market dynamics in TSMC’s
are also conducted to validate emergency responses, crisis evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats. For example, as an action that was recognized by a 2023 SEMI International
industry; thus, TSMC’s ability to continuously develop relevant
management, business continuity plans to enhance operational
136 137

--- Page 71 ---

Standards award. While these ongoing enhancements further use applications may increase pricing pressure on components Risks Associated with Changes in the Government man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding,
improve Company’s cybersecurity defense solutions, there can produced by us, which, in turn, may negatively impact the Policies and Regulatory Environment typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic
be no assurance that the Company is immune to cyberattacks. Company’s revenue, margin and earnings. TSMC management closely monitors all domestic and foreign eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, pandemic, supply chain
governmental policies and regulations that might impact disruption, geopolitical tensions, cyberattacks, sabotage, failure
In addition, TSMC employs certain third-party service providers Risks Associated with Competition TSMC’s business and financial operations. During 2023 and of critical facilities and equipment, shortages in the supply of
for itself and its affiliates worldwide with whom it needs to The competition in the semiconductor foundry industry as of the date of this Annual Report, the following changes or utilities, such as water, electricity and natural gas, etc., could
share highly sensitive and confidential information to enable is fierce. The Company competes with other foundry developments in governmental policies and regulations may interrupt TSMC’s operations.
them to provide the relevant services. While TSMC requires such service providers, as well as a number of integrated device influence the Company’s business operations:
third-party service providers to strictly fulfill the confidentiality manufacturers. Some of these companies may have access to Most of TSMC’s production facilities, as well as those of
and/or internet security requirements in its service agreements more advanced or different technologies than TSMC. Other The manufacturing, assembling and testing of TSMC’s many of its suppliers, customers and upstream providers of
with them, there is no assurance that each of them will comply companies may have greater financial and other resources products require the use of chemicals and materials that are complementary semiconductor manufacturing services, are
with such obligations. Moreover, such third-party service than TSMC, such as the possibility of receiving direct or indirect subject to environmental, climate related, health and safety located in areas susceptible to natural disasters and may face
providers may also be susceptible to cyberattacks. If TSMC or government subsidies, economic stimulus funds, or other laws and regulations issued worldwide as well as international potential shortages of electricity and/or water, which could
its service providers are not able to timely resolve the respective incentives that may be unavailable to TSMC. The governments accords such as the Paris Agreement. Climate change related cause interruptions to TSMC’s operations.
technical difficulties caused by such cyberattacks, or ensure of the United States, China, Europe, South Korea and Japan laws or regulations currently are too indefinite for the
the integrity and availability of its data (and data belonging to provide various incentive programs to promote developments Company to assess the impact on our future financial condition Thus, if one or more natural disasters result in a prolonged
its customers and other third parties) or maintain control of of their domestic semiconductor industries, such as the with any degree of reasonable certainty. For example, the disruption to TSMC’s operations or those of its customers or
its or its service providers’ computing systems, the Company’s Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors and Taiwan “Greenhouse Gas Reduction and Management Act”, suppliers, or if any of its fabs or vendor facilities were to be
commitments to its customers and other stakeholders may Science Act of 2022 (the “U.S. CHIPS Act”), which provides which became effective on July 1, 2015, was amended damaged or cease operations as a result of an unforeseen
be materially impaired and its results of operations, financial financial incentives to incentivize the development of U.S. and was renamed as “Climate Change Response Act”. The disruptive event, it could reduce TSMC’s manufacturing capacity
condition, prospects and reputation may also be materially and semiconductor industry. Although governments in certain of amendments became effective in February 2023, which set a and cause the loss of important customers and thereby have
adversely affected. the countries or regions where TSMC is currently expanding goal of reaching net-zero emissions in Taiwan by 2050 and an adverse, material impact on its operational and financial
or planning to expand its production capacity have extended also established a carbon fee system to collect carbon fees on performance.
Risks Associated with Decrease in Demand and Average or may in the future extend certain financial incentives to the direct and indirect emissions from emitters whose emissions
Selling Price Company, there is no assurance that TSMC will be able to reach certain thresholds. The government will start collecting To cope with possible droughts resulted from severe climate
A vast majority of the Company’s revenue is derived from receive such financial incentives at the levels TSMC anticipates carbon fees from 2025 but the rate for such fees has yet to be change, TSMC implemented manufacturing process water
customers who use TSMC’s products in high performance or at all. Additionally, any financial incentives the Company determined by the relevant authorities. We could be required saving, as well as building up industrial water recycling plants,
computing (“HPC”), smartphones, IoT, automotive, and digital receives may be subject to conditions imposed by the grantors, to pay any incurred carbon fees since our emission levels using household water and cooperating with government
consumer electronics. Any deterioration in or a slowdown such as restrictions on the expansion of facilities in foreign exceed applicable thresholds pursuant to the current regulatory to mitigate water shortage risk. As part of TSMC’s business
in the growth of such end markets resulting in a substantial countries of concern and on joint research and technology requirements, which will result in increased operating costs for continuity plans, measures taken include water conservation
decrease in the demand for overall global semiconductor licensing efforts with foreign entities of concern on any us and affect us financially to a certain extent. We expect to see measures, use of alternative water sources. Close monitoring of
foundry services, including TSMC’s products and services, technology or product that raises national security concerns, more of its relevant regulations promulgated by the regulators water situation including stress testing and exercises are carried
could adversely affect the Company’s revenue. Further, or the grantors could seek to recover any funds provided to in the future. Also, the R.O.C. legislative authority is reviewing, out to validate our response plan.
semiconductor manufacturing facilities require substantial TSMC, or cancel, reduce or deny TSMC’s requested subsidies or at all times, various environmental issues to develop laws and
investment to construct and are largely fixed cost assets once grants in the future. This could materially increase TSMC’s costs regulations relating to environmental protection and climate TSMC has occasionally suffered power outages, dips or surges
they are in operation. Because the Company owns most or otherwise adversely affect its operations. related changes. The impact of such laws and regulations, as caused by difficulties encountered by its electricity supplier
of its manufacturing capacities, a significant portion of its well as of the carbon fee, is indeterminable at the moment. It or other power consumers on the same power grid. Some
operating costs is fixed. In general, these costs do not decline Moreover, the Company’s competitors may, from time to is not expected that other governmental policies or regulatory of these incidents have resulted in interruptions to TSMC’s
when customer demand or TSMC’s capacity utilization rates time, also decide to undertake aggressive pricing initiatives in changes would materially impact TSMC’s operations or operations. Such outages, shortages or interruptions in
drop, and thus declines in customer demand, among other one or several technology nodes. The Company’s competitors financial condition. electricity supply could further be exacerbated by changes in
factors, may significantly decrease TSMC’s margins. Conversely, may also compete for its customers who seek to diversify the energy policy of the governments. If TSMC is unable to
as product demand rises and factory utilization increases, their supply chains. These competitive activities may decrease 6.3.3 Operational Risks secure reliable and uninterrupted supply of electricity to power
the fixed costs are spread over increased output, which can TSMC’s customer base, TSMC’s pricing, or both. If TSMC its manufacturing fabs, its ability to fill customers’ orders
Natural and Man-Made Disaster
improve TSMC’s margins. In addition, the historical trend of is unable to compete effectively with such competitors on would be jeopardized. Moreover, TSMC has encountered and
TSMC is committed to maintaining operational resilience in
declining average selling prices (“ASP”) of end-use applications technology, manufacturing capacity, product quality, supply may continue to encounter increases in the prices of utilities.
accordance with business continuity management standards
places downward pressure on the prices of the components chain diversification and resilience, and customer satisfaction, it For example, effective from April 1, 2024, TSMC is subject to
that equips it with the capability to respond effectively to
that go into such applications. Decreases in the ASP of end risks losing customers or business to such contenders. a higher electricity tariff rate in Taiwan, which is estimated to
business disruption. Disruptions caused by natural and
increase by 25%, as compared to the tariff rate applicable to
138 139

--- Page 72 ---

the Company in 2023. The increased prices for electricity could TSMC maintains multiple layers of risk prevention and plans in a timely manner to reduce the impact on its financial If TSMC is unable to overcome the above challenges, the
increase TSMC’s manufacturing costs and therefore adversely protection, as well as fire and casualty insurance, TSMC’s performance. Company’s business, financial condition and results of
impact TSMC’s financial results. risk management and insurance coverage may not always operations could be adversely affected.
be sufficient to cover all of its potential losses. If any of Risks Associated with Construction of New Fabs
If such events were to occur over prolonged periods of TSMC’s fabs or vendor facilities were to be damaged or cease The Company has multiple expansion projects that are currently Risks Associated with Sales Concentration
time, TSMC’s operations and financial performance may be operations as a result of an explosion, fire or environmental underway, including the design and construction of new fabs Over the years, the Company’s customer profile and the
materially adversely affected. Moreover, TSMC’s future capacity causes, it could reduce the TSMC’s manufacturing capacity worldwide. Global expansion has required and will continue to nature of the Company’s customers’ business have changed
expansions in Taiwan and elsewhere could be curtailed by leading to the loss of important sales and customers and have require considerable managerial, financial and other resources. dramatically. While TSMC generates revenue from hundreds of
utility shortages. a negative impact on TSMC’s financial performance. In addition The Company expects to face particular challenges in global customers worldwide, TSMC’s ten largest customers in 2021,
to periodic fire-protection inspections and firefighting drills, expansion and operations, including but not limited to: 2022 and 2023 accounted for approximately, 71%, 68% and
TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity TSMC has also carried out a corporate-wide fire risk mitigation ● higher costs associated with construction of new fabs, 70% of TSMC’s net revenue in the respective year. TSMC’s
management, which includes periodic risk assessments and project focused on managerial and hardware improvements. establishing supply chains for various materials in different largest customer in 2021, 2022 and 2023 accounted for 26%,
mitigations, and the establishment of taskforces before overseas locations, the impact on the Company’s ability to 23% and 25% of the Company’s net revenue in the respective
emergency events. The taskforces define emergency response, TSMC continues to monitor key disruptive threats to its sustain its current level of productivity and manufacturing year. TSMC’s second largest customer in 2021, 2022 and 2023
crisis communication, recovery plans and preventative business operations and adapt the plans to ensure operational efficiency provided by its ecosystem of interconnected accounted for 10%, less than 10% and 11% of TSMC’s net
measures based on the thorough analysis of derivative effects resilience. semiconductor fabs, employees and suppliers in the R.O.C., revenue in the respective year.
and alternative solutions to ensure the impacts of people injury, and recruiting and retaining talent in various overseas
business interruption, finance are minimized. TSMC reviews Risks Associated with Capacity Expansion locations; A more concentrated customer base will subject TSMC’s
periodically its business continuity plans and refines them to TSMC performs long-term market demand forecasts for its ● labor shortages, interruptions in the supply chains for various revenue to seasonal demand fluctuations from the Company’s
reflect exercise results and implementation. In response to products and services to manage its overall capacity. Based materials, and construction issues, which could substantially large customers, and cause different seasonal patterns in the
the impact of the earthquakes that occurs in Taiwan, TSMC on its market demand forecasts, the Company has continued delay the completion of the Company’s expansion projects, Company’s business. This customer concentration results in
continues to improve its earthquake emergency response, tool to add capacity to meet market needs for its products and and could further result in substantial additional costs or part from the changing dynamics of the electronics industry
anchorage and seismic isolation facilities, and readiness for services, including in Taiwan, in Arizona, U.S., in Nanjing, failure to meet its capacity expansion plans; with the structural shift to mobile and high performance
tool salvage and production recovery. These improvements China, in Kumamoto, Japan and in Dresden, Germany. ● disruptions to the Company’s operations caused by natural computing (HPC) devices and applications and software that
have been integrated into new fab design. TSMC’s business or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, flooding, provide the content for such devices.
continuity procedures were further enhanced through close Implementing these capacity expansion plans will increase typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, sandstorms, wildfires, volcanic
reference to ISO 22301 business continuity management its costs, and the increases may be substantial. For example, eruptions, fire, gas/chemical leakage, pandemic, supply chain There are only a limited number of customers who are
system (BCMS). the Company would need to build new facilities, purchase disruption, geopolitical tensions, sabotage, failure of critical successfully exploiting this new business model paradigm. Also,
additional equipment and hire and train personnel to operate facilities and equipment and shortages in the supply of TSMC has seen changes in the nature of its customers’ business
TSMC maintains a comprehensive risk management system the new equipment. If TSMC does not increase its net revenue utilities, such as water, electricity, and natural gas, etc.; models in response to this new business model paradigm. For
dedicated to human safety, the conservation of natural accordingly, its financial performance may be adversely ● scarcity of industrial-use land, which could limit the example, there is a growing trend among system companies
resources and the protection of property. In order to affected by these increased costs. Company’s future expansion of operations; designing their own semiconductors and working directly with
cope effectively with emergencies and natural disasters, ● compliance with applicable foreign laws and regulations, and the semiconductor foundries, which makes their products and
management at each facility has developed comprehensive In addition, market conditions are dynamic and TSMC’s market the risk of penalties if the Company’s practices are deemed services more marketable in a changing consumer market.
plans and procedures that focus on risk prevention, demand forecasts may change significantly at any time. During not to be in compliance;
emergency response, crisis management and business periods of decreased demand, certain manufacturing lines ● challenges in managing information technology infrastructure Also, since the global semiconductor industry has become
continuity. All TSMC manufacturing fabs have been ISO or tools in some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities in multiple locations and across different systems and risks increasingly competitive, some of TSMC’s customers have
14001 certified (environmental management) and ISO 45001 may be suspended or shut down temporarily. However, if of our information technology infrastructure succumbing to engaged in industry consolidations in order to remain
certified (occupational health and safety management). All demand subsequently increases rapidly over a short period cyberattacks by third parties worldwide; competitive. Such consolidations have taken the form of
manufacturing fabs in Taiwan have also been TOSHMS (Taiwan of time, TSMC may not be able to restore the capacity in ● adverse changes relating to government grants or other mergers and acquisitions. If more of TSMC’s major customers
Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certified. a timely manner to take advantage of the upturn. In such government incentives; consolidate, this will further decrease the overall number of the
New fabs will also attain the above certifications within 18 circumstances, its financial performance and competitiveness ● challenges in creating an inclusive workplace in new sites to Company’s customer pool. In addition, regulatory restrictions,
months after acquiring factory registration certification. may be adversely affected. embrace the cultural differences and managing the operation such as export controls directed at TSMC’s major customers,
over large geographic distances; could impact the Company’s ability to supply products to those
TSMC and many of its suppliers use flammable and toxic In order to mitigate the risk associated with capacity expansion, ● limited or insufficient intellectual property protection or customers or reduce those customers’ demand for TSMC’s
materials in their manufacturing processes and are therefore TSMC continuously watches for changes in market conditions difficulties enforcing the Company’s rights to intellectual products and services and thus impact their business operations.
subject to risks that cannot be completely eliminated arising and works closely with its customers. When market demand property; and
from explosion, fire, or environmental influences. Although is not as expected, the Company tries to adjust its capacity ● exposure to different tax jurisdictions and potential adverse The loss of, or significant curtailment of purchases by, one or
tax consequences. more of the Company’s top customers including curtailments
140 141

--- Page 73 ---

due to increased competitive pressures, industry consolidation, production. To streamline supply chain risk, the Company technologies, software, trade secrets or know-how. Also, the occurs, it could: (1) prevent the Company from manufacturing
changes in applicable regulatory restrictions, product designs, communicates early on with major material suppliers regarding Company cannot assure you that, as its business or business particular products or selling particular services or applying
manufacturing sourcing or outsourcing policies or practices quality and capacity topics and has formed a dedicated team models expand into new areas, it will be able to develop particular technologies; and (2) reduce our ability to compete
of these customers, the timing of customer inventory for supplier plant onsite or remote audits to extend supply independently the technologies, patents, software, trade effectively against entities benefiting from our misappropriated
adjustments, or changes in its major customers’ business chain best practices to its upstream suppliers. In addition, secrets or know-how necessary to conduct its business or that intellectual property, which could reduce its opportunities to
models, may adversely affect TSMC’s results of operations and in response to the rapid increase or decrease in production it can do so without unknowingly infringing the intellectual generate revenue.
financial condition. capacity of new products, TSMC has continued to improve its property rights of others. As a result, the Company may have
inventory monitoring system to achieve more accurate demand to rely on, to a certain degree, licensed technologies and The Company has taken related measures to minimize potential
Risks Associated with Purchasing Concentration forecasts and ensure that the supply chain maintains sufficient patent licenses from others. To the extent that the Company loss of shareholder value arising from intellectual property
● Raw Materials inventory levels. The Company also performs supply chain relies on licenses from others, there can be no assurance that claims and litigation filed against it. These measures include:
TSMC’s production operations require that it obtain risk assessments to ensure that critical suppliers meet various it will be able to obtain any or all of the necessary licenses in strategically obtaining licenses from certain semiconductor
adequate supplies of raw materials, such as silicon wafers, standards in labor, ethics, environmental, safety and health the future on terms it considers reasonable or at all. The lack and other technology companies as needed; timely securing
gases, chemicals and photoresist, on a timely basis and at (ESH) practices and business continuity plans (BCPs). of necessary licenses could expose the Company to claims intellectual property rights originating within and outside
commercially reasonable prices. In the past, shortages in for damages and/or injunctions from third parties, as well as of TSMC for defensive and/or offensive protection of TSMC
the supply of some materials, whether by specific suppliers ● Equipment claims for indemnification by its customers in instances where technology and business; and aggressively defending against
or by the semiconductor industry generally, have resulted in The Company’s operations and ongoing expansion plans it has contractually agreed to indemnify its customers against baseless litigation.
occasional industry-wide price adjustments and delivery delays. depend on its ability to obtain necessary equipment and damages resulting from infringement claims.
Moreover, major natural disasters, trade barriers and political related services available from a limited number of suppliers. As Risks Associated with Litigious and Non-litigious Matters
or economic turmoil, including military conflicts and inflation, a result, TSMC may encounter the situation of limited supply The Company has received, from time to time, communications As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor
occurring within the country of origin of such raw materials and/or long delivery cycles. To better manage its supply chain, from third parties, including non-practicing entities industry, the Company has received from time to time
may also significantly disrupt the availability of such raw the Company evaluates and projects delivery lead times to and semiconductor companies, asserting that TSMC’s communications from third parties asserting that its
materials or increase their prices. Also, since TSMC procures minimize the impact of supply chain risks on operating costs. technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design IPs technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design
some of its raw materials from sole-sourced suppliers, there TSMC has also implemented various collaborative business of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those
is a risk that the Company’s needs for such raw materials models and risk management contingencies with suppliers semiconductors by its customers may infringe their patents semiconductors by its customers may infringe upon their
may not be met or that back-up supplies may not be readily to ensure supply and shorten the procurement lead time. or other intellectual property rights. Because of the nature patents or other intellectual property rights. These assertions
available. Importation and domestic production limitations may To enhance its sourcing capabilities for its global sites, the of the industry, its market position, and the expansion of its have at times resulted in litigation by or against the Company
also limit the Company’s ability to obtain adequate supplies company has also taken steps to strengthen its understanding manufacturing operations outside of Taiwan, the Company and settlement payments by the Company. Irrespective of the
of raw materials as well as materials of the necessary quality. of local regulations, policies, and supply chains. However, if may receive an increased number of such communications validity of these claims, the Company could incur significant
In addition, recent trade tensions could result in increased TSMC is unable to acquire in a timely manner the equipment in the future. The assertions made and lawsuits initiated by costs in the defense thereof or could suffer adverse effects
prices or even unavailability of raw materials due to tariffs, and parts it needs, it may fail to successfully implement litigious, well-funded, non-practicing entities are particularly on its operations. The Company is also subject to antitrust
export control or other non-tariff barriers. TSMC’s revenue capacity expansion plans and exploit time sensitive business aggressive in their monetary demand and in seeking compliance requirements and scrutiny by governmental
and earnings could decline if it is unable to obtain adequate opportunities. Additionally, ongoing trade tensions could result court-issued injunctions. Such lawsuits and assertions may regulators in multiple jurisdictions. Any adverse results of such
supplies of the necessary raw materials in a timely manner or if in increased prices for, or even unavailability of, key equipment, increase TSMC’s cost of doing business and may potentially proceeding or other similar proceedings that may arise in
there are significant increases in the costs of raw materials. To through delay or denial of necessary export licenses, adoption be extremely disruptive if these asserting entities succeed in those jurisdictions could harm TSMC’s business and distract its
reduce the supply chain risk and to manage costs effectively, of additional export control measures and other tariff or blocking the trade of products made and services offered management, and thereby have a material adverse effect on its
TSMC commits resources toward developing new supply non-tariff barriers. If TSMC is unable to obtain equipment in a by TSMC. Also, with the expansion of its manufacturing results of operations or prospects, and subject the Company to
sources and developing a future capacity plan with qualified timely fashion to fulfill its customers’ demand for technology operations into certain non-R.O.C jurisdictions, it has faced potential significant legal liability.
raw material suppliers. Furthermore, the Company continually and production capacity, or unable to do so at a reasonable increased challenges in managing risks of intellectual property
encourages its suppliers to reduce their supply chain risk cost, its financial condition and results of operations could be misappropriation. Despite our efforts to adopt robust measures Currently, TSMC’s material legal proceeding is as follows:
by decentralizing production plants to improve their cost negatively impacted. to mitigate the risk of intellectual property misappropriation
competitiveness and to support TSMC global demands in a in such new jurisdictions, we cannot guarantee that the In September 2022, Daedalus Prime LLC (“Daedalus”) filed
timely fashion. Risks Associated with Intellectual Property Rights protection measures we adopted will be sufficient to prevent complaints in the U.S. International Trade Commission
The Company’s ability to compete successfully and to achieve us from potential infringements by others, or at all. (“ITC”) and the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of
TSMC not only operates world-class manufacturing process future growth depends in part on the continued strength Texas alleging that TSMC, TSMC North America, and other
and facilities but needs sufficient world-class high-quality raw of its intellectual property portfolio. While the Company If the Company fails to obtain or maintain certain technologies companies infringe four U.S. patents. The ITC instituted
materials. As a result, TSMC engages early and extensively with actively enforces and protects our intellectual property rights, or intellectual property licenses or fails to prevent our an investigation in October 2022. In June 2023, Daedalus
primary suppliers on managing quality and capacity issues so as there can be no assurance that its efforts will be adequate to intellectual property from being misappropriated and, if dropped two of the asserted patents in the ITC. Also in June
to be prepared for any unexpected need to ramp up or curtail prevent the misappropriation or improper use of its proprietary litigation relating to alleged intellectual property matters 2023, Daedalus filed another complaint in the Eastern District
142 143

--- Page 74 ---

of Texas alleging that TSMC infringes five U.S. patents. In Changes in Corporate Reputation and Impact on the award presentation encouraged all employees to propose If the above-mentioned crisis occurs, relevant personnel
September 2023, the ITC granted the parties’ joint motion to Company’s Crisis Management new ideas for sustainability to be assessed for feasibility and at TSMC’s headquarters and global operating locations
suspend the procedural schedule while the parties finalize the TSMC has established an excellent reputation worldwide based potential incorporation in the Company’s implementation can deploy comprehensive emergency response measures
settlement agreement and then request termination of the on its core values of integrity, commitment, innovation and plans. Compared to 1,880 sustainability proposals in the to eliminate or minimize the impact on personnel safety,
ITC Investigation and related litigations. In October 2023, the customer trust. The Company’s positive image also reflects third year, the fourth annual ESG Award generated 3,166 environment, property and operations. Responders also involve
parties jointly requested the ITC to terminate the investigation outstanding operations, rigorous corporate governance and innovative ideas, adding new energy to the Company’s culture the public relations division from initial stage to ensure timely,
and Eastern District of Texas to dismiss the related litigations. dedication to sustainable responsibility by serving as a good of sustainability. clear and consistent external communication regarding the
In November 2023, the ITC investigation was terminated and corporate citizen. TSMC continues to pursue innovation in situation.
the related litigations in the Eastern District of Texas were economic, environmental and social dimensions. Mindful of its global reputation, TSMC employs numerous
dismissed. preventative measures to address potential risks from Risks Associated with Change in Management
In 2023, TSMC was honored with numerous awards earthquakes, fires, IT service disruption, yield loss, cyberattacks, In 2023 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there were
Other than the matter described above, as of the date of this and citations for achievements in various areas including supply chain disruption, pandemics, environmental events, and no such risks for TSMC.
Annual Report, TSMC is not currently a party to any other operations, corporate governance, patents, profit growth, utility supply disruption. TSMC practices crisis management,
material legal proceedings. investor relations, environmental protection, and corporate implements recovery measures to deal with possible crisis Risks Regarding Non-Compliance with Export Control,
sustainability. The Company was selected as a part of the Dow events, maintains a crisis command center for control Environmental and Climate Change Related Laws,
Risks Associated with Mergers and Acquisitions Jones Sustainability World Index for the 23rd consecutive year. guidelines, and prepares emergency response procedures to Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain
In 2023 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC had TSMC won first place in CommonWealth magazine’s inaugural ensure timely and prompt responses during a crisis. TSMC also Requisite Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business
not conducted any merger or acquisition. Talent Sustainability award and in the Taiwan Institute for performs regular exercises for crisis scenarios to ensure that Because TSMC engages in manufacturing activities in multiple
Sustainable Energy’s Corporate Sustainability award for crisis management procedures are comprehensive and valid. jurisdictions and conducts business with its customers
Risks Associated with Recruiting Quality Personnel 2023. The Company was recognized as a Taiwan Top Ten In 2023, TSMC received a rating of Low ESG Risk from the located worldwide, such activities are subject to a myriad of
TSMC relies on the continued services and contributions Sustainability Exemplary in the Corporate Sustainability report, Sustainalytics ESG Risk Ratings. governmental regulations. For example, the manufacturing,
of its management team, as well as skilled technical and and for Climate Leadership, Circular Economy Leadership, assembling and testing of TSMC’s products require the use
professional personnel. The Company’s business could Supply Chain Management, Sustainable Water Management TSMC’s environment, safety and health committee holds of equipment that is subject to export control laws and
suffer from the inability to fulfill personnel needs with high and Information Security Leadership. The Carbon Disclosure monthly meetings to coordinate with relevant departments regulations, as well as metals, chemicals, and materials that are
quality professionals in a timely fashion caused by the loss Project chose TSMC as a Supplier Engagement Leader in in each fab to conduct emergency response drills and subject to environmental, climate-related, health and safety,
of personnel, talent shortages, illegal talent poaching, 2022, ranking in the top 5% of the Taiwan Stock Exchange continuously improve their notification and operational and humanitarian forced labor prohibition and conflict-free
immigration controls, or related changes in market demand corporate governance evaluation. The Company was named a procedures to ensure clear channels of communication sourcing laws, regulations and guidelines issued worldwide.
for our products and services. Since there is fierce competition member of Fortune’s 2023 World’s Most Admired Companies to stakeholders if a crisis arises, with the public relations The Company’s failure to comply with any such laws or
for talent recruitment, the Company cannot ensure timely and the Fortune Global 500; Forbes’s World’s Largest division serving as the designated gateway for external regulations, as amended from time to time, and its failure to
fulfillment of its personnel demand. Technology Companies in 2023; PricewaterhouseCoopers’ communications. comply with any information and document sharing requests
Global Top 100 Companies by market capitalization; and the from the relevant authorities in a timely manner could result in:
In order to reduce the risk of talent recruitment, TSMC 2023 Carbon Clean 200TM list issued by the media research In 2023, the Board of TSMC took steps to enhance its ● s ignificant penalties and legal liabilities, such as the denial
encourages job rotation and employs an on-the-job company Corporate Knights and the non-profit As You corporate governance by expanding and strengthening the of import or export permits or third party private lawsuits,
training and certification system. In this way, employees Sow organization. TSMC was honored to be a part of the functions and responsibilities of its committees. The “Audit criminal or administrative proceedings;
can continuously learn and enhance their work efficiency World Benchmarking Alliance’s SDG2000, the 2,000 Most Committee” was renamed as the “Audit and Risk Committee” ● t he temporary or permanent suspension of production of the
and effectiveness in the workplace. Moreover, TSMC creates Influential Companies, and included in Morgan Stanley Capital to assist the Board in overseeing the quality and integrity of affected products;
multiple recruitment channels and continues to hire diverse International’s All Country World Index ESG Leaders, while accounting, auditing, reporting, financial control practices, ● t he temporary or permanent inability to procure or use
top-notch, talented professionals from Taiwan and overseas. being ranked AAA by MSCI Research in its ESG Indexes. and risk management structure. TSMC also deepened the certain production critical chemicals or materials;
At the same time, the Company continues to expand risk management mechanisms of its overseas subsidiaries ● u nfavorable alterations in TSMC’s manufacturing, fabrication
industry-academic cooperation to meet outstanding talent at To promote sustainability, TSMC’s ESG Steering Committee, by conducting risk management and business continuity and assembly and test processes;
an early phase to recruit them in the future. led by Chairman Dr. Mark Liu, presented the fourth TSMC ESG management workshops and incident commander trainings. ● c hallenges from its customers that place TSMC at a significant
Award in 2023, honoring internal organizations and divisions Business continuity plans are also rehearsed and validated competitive disadvantage, such as loss of actual or potential
Future R&D Plans and Expected R&D Spending for tangible achievements in the Company’s five ESG strategic through regular exercises to ensure timely and effective sales contracts in case the Company is unable to satisfy the
For additional details, see “5.2.7 Future R&D Plans” on page directions: drive green manufacturing, build a responsible responses. These efforts aim to fortify operational resilience applicable legal standard or customer requirement;
104-105 of this Annual Report. supply chain, create a diverse and inclusive workplace, develop and raise risk awareness of operational preparedness across ● r estrictions on TSMC’s operations or sales;
talent, and care for the disadvantaged. At the same time, this TSMC’s global footprint.
144 145

--- Page 75 ---

● loss of tax benefits, including termination of current tax major economies, could cause revenue or profits for the dollars. For example, every one percent depreciation of the U.S. While the Company is subject to tax laws and regulations in
incentives, disqualification of tax credit application and semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically. dollar against the NT dollar would result in an approximately various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts business,
repayment of the tax benefits that the Company is not If the economic conditions or financial conditions of the 0.4 percentage point decrease in the Company’s operating TSMC’s principal operations are in the R.O.C. and it is exposed
entitled to; and Company’s customers were to deteriorate, the demand for its margin based on its 2023 results. primarily to taxes levied by the R.O.C. government. The R.O.C.
● damages to TSMC’s goodwill and reputation. products and services may decrease and additional accounting Controlled Foreign Company (“CFC”) rules enacted in 2016
related allowances may be required, which could reduce Conversely, if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly versus have been implemented since January 1, 2023, pursuant to
Complying with applicable laws and regulations, such as TSMC’s operating and net income. other major currencies, the demand for the products and which, certain profits retained at a CFC located in a low-tax
environmental and climate related laws and regulations, could services of TSMC’s customers and for its goods and services jurisdiction would be taxable at its parent company in Taiwan.
also require TSMC, among other things, to do the following: ● Interest Rate Fluctuation will likely decrease, which will negatively affect the Company’s On the other hand, effective from January 1, 2023, the
(1) purchase, use or install remedial equipment; (2) implement TSMC is exposed to interest rate risks primarily in relation to its revenue. R.O.C. Statute for Industrial Innovation was amended such
remedial programs such as climate change mitigation investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest that eligible companies that develop innovative technologies
programs and air pollution reduction plans; (3) modify its rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash and TSMC uses foreign currency derivatives contracts, such as domestically and possess leading position in global supply
product designs and manufacturing processes, or incur other cash equivalents and fixed income securities, the fair value of currency forwards or currency swaps, and non-derivative chain may claim investment tax credit of 25% on qualified R&D
significant expenses such as paying any incurred carbon fees those securities, as well as the interest paid on its debt. financial instruments, such as foreign currency denominated expenditure and 5% on procurement of machinery/equipment
if the Company’s emission levels exceed applicable thresholds, debts, to protect against currency exchange rate risks for advanced processes over a fiscal year. The Company is
and obtaining renewable energy sources, renewable energy The objective of TSMC’s investment policy is to achieve a associated with non-NT dollar-denominated assets and eligible for these new incentives pursuant to the R.O.C. Statute
certificates or carbon credits, substitute raw materials or return that will allow the Company to preserve principal and liabilities, investments in foreign subsidiaries, and certain for Industrial Innovation. Further, changes in the tax laws of
chemicals that may cost more or be less available for the support liquidity requirements. The policy generally requires forecasted transactions. These hedges reduce, but do not foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion
Company’s operations. the Company to invest in investment grade securities and limits entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate and profit shifting (BEPS) project that was undertaken by the
the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The majority movements on its assets and liabilities. Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
TSMC’s inability to timely obtain approvals necessary for of TSMC’s fixed income investments are fixed-rate securities, (OECD). These changes may increase tax uncertainty and have
the conduct of its business could impair its operational and which are classified as financial assets at fair value through Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar an adverse effect on TSMC’s operating results.
financial results. For example, if the Company is unable to other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”) or amortized cost. and the NT dollar may affect the U.S. dollar value of the
timely obtain environmental related approvals needed to For those fixed income investments classified as financial assets Company’s common shares and the market price of the In order to control tax risk, the Company closely monitors
undertake the development and construction of a new fab at FVTOCI, changes in their fair value are recognized through Company’s American Depositary Shares (ADSs) as well as any all domestic and foreign governmental policies and
or expansion project, then such inability may delay, limit, or other comprehensive income; for those classified as financial cash dividends paid in NT dollars on TSMC’s common shares regulations that might impact its financial operations. TSMC
increase the cost of its expansion plans that could also in turn assets at amortized cost, changes in their fair value are not represented by ADSs. has established risk management procedures to collect
adversely affect its business and operational results. In light reflected in asset values unless the assets are sold. information, analyze potential tax implications, and develop
of increased public interest in environmental issues, TSMC’s ● Inflation countermeasures.
operations and expansion plans may be adversely affected or TSMC has entered and may in the future enter into interest TSMC is subject to the effects of inflation through increases in
delayed in response to public concern and social environmental rate derivatives to partially hedge interest rate risk on its fixed the cost of items such as raw materials and equipment used to Risks Associated with External Financing
pressures even if the Company complies with all applicable income investments and anticipated debt issuance. However, produce its products, wage expenses and employee benefits, In times of market instability, sufficient external financing
laws and regulations. these hedges can offset only a limited portion of the financial electricity costs, and costs in relation to construction of fabs. may not be available to the Company on a timely basis, on
impact from movements in interest rates. Although TSMC does not believe that inflation has had a commercially reasonable terms to the Company, or at all. If
TSMC believes that climate change should be regarded as a material impact on its financial position or results of operations sufficient external financing is not available when TSMC needs
significant corporate risk that must be managed to improve The majority of TSMC’s debt is fixed-rate and measured at to date, a high inflation in the future may have an adverse such financing to meet its capital requirements, the Company
competitiveness. For TSMC’s climate change related risks amortized cost and, as such, changes in interest rates would effect on the Company’s ability to maintain current levels of may be forced to curtail its expansion, modify plans or delay
and control measures, see the “Climate Change and Energy not affect future cash flows or the carrying amount. profit margin if the selling prices of its products and services do the deployment of new or expanded services until it obtains
Management” section under “7.2.1 Environmental Protection” not increase with these increased costs. such financing.
on page 158-159 of this Annual Report. ● Foreign Exchange Volatility
Substantially all of TSMC’s sales are denominated in U.S. dollars Amendments to Tax Regulations or Implementation of Risks Associated with High-Risk/Highly Leveraged
6.3.4 Financial Risks and over half of its capital expenditures are denominated in New Tax Laws Investments; Lending, Endorsements, and Guarantees
currencies other than the NT dollar, primarily in U.S. dollars, Any amendments to existing tax regulations or the for Other Parties; and Financial Derivative Transactions
Economic Risks
Euros and Japanese yen. As a result, any significant fluctuations implementation of any new tax laws in the jurisdictions in In 2023 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC made
Any future systemic political, economic or financial crisis or
to its disadvantage in the exchange rate of the NT dollar which TSMC operates its business may have an adverse effect no high-risk or highly leveraged financial investments. All
market volatility, including but not limited to interest rate
against such currencies, in particular a weakening of the U.S. on its net income. financial derivative transactions engaged by TSMC were strictly
and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation or deflation
dollar against the NT dollar, would have an adverse impact on for hedging and not for trading or speculative purposes. All
or changes in economic, fiscal and monetary policies in
the Company’s revenue and operating profit as expressed in NT guarantees and intercompany loans provided by TSMC and
146 147

--- Page 76 ---

its subsidiaries were solely for TSMC and/or its wholly-owned Risks of Trade Policies including our own. For example, in January 2021, China
subsidiaries. All guarantees and intercompany loans were in As TSMC’s revenue is primarily derived from sales to major adopted a blocking statute that, among other matters, entitles
compliance with relevant rules and regulations. economies in the world (please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position, Chinese entities incurring damages from a multinational’s
Differentiation and Strategy” on page 19-21 of this annual compliance with foreign laws to seek civil remedies.
To manage risks of various financial transactions, TSMC has report), any changes in the trade policies (such as the increase
established internal control policies and procedures based on of tariffs on certain products, the implementation of import Imposition of trade barriers, including protectionist measures,
sound financial and business practices, all in compliance with and export controls, and the adoption of other trade barriers) sanctions and import and export controls (including without
the relevant rules and regulations issued by the R.O.C. Financial of such major economies can affect the sales of TSMC or its limitation the export control measures mentioned in the
Supervisory Commission. TSMC’s policies and procedures customers and thereby affect TSMC’s operating results. foregoing paragraph), could increase TSMC’s manufacturing
include Procedures for Financial Derivatives Transactions, costs, limit TSMC’s access to certain supplies, make TSMC’s
Procedures for Lending Funds to Other Parties, Procedures In 2020, the U.S. tightened its export control measures against pricing less competitive, and impact the sales of TSMC or its
for Acquisition or Disposal of Assets, and Procedures for Huawei Technology Co. Ltd. and its affiliates (collectively, customers. In 2023 and as of the date of this annual report,
Endorsement and Guarantee. “Huawei”). To comply with relevant laws and regulations, our current results of operations have not been materially
TSMC has discontinued shipment of products to Huawei affected. Nevertheless, depending on future developments
Risks Associated with Impairment Charges since September 2020. Since February 2022, there have of global trade tensions, such relevant regulations, rules, or
Under Taiwan-IFRSs, TSMC is required to evaluate its tangible been expansive sanctions and export controls imposed by measures may have an adverse impact on the Company’s
assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment several countries and regions against Russia, including certain business and operations, and TSMC may incur significant legal
whenever triggering events or changes in circumstances individuals and entities, in connection with the military conflict liability and financial losses as a result.
indicate that the asset may be impaired. If certain criteria are in Ukraine. In October 2022 and October 2023, the U.S.
met, TSMC is required to record an impairment charge. TSMC adopted additional export controls over specified countries TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
is not able to estimate the extent or timing of any impairment (including China) under the U.S. Export Administration and measures among the relevant major economies and will
charge for future years. Any impairment charge required may Regulations (“U.S. EAR”) on certain advanced computing take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income. integrated circuits (“ICs”), computer commodities that subsequent developments.
contain such ICs, and certain semiconductor manufacturing
The determination of an impairment charge at any given items, as well as controls on transactions involving items for
time is mainly based on the projected results of operations supercomputer and semiconductor manufacturing end-uses.
over several years subsequent to that time. Consequently, an The new controls add new license requirements for items
impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period subject to the U.S. EAR where the items are destined to a
when the Company’s operating results are otherwise already semiconductor fabrication facility in China that fabricates
depressed. See “Note 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS ICs meeting specified advanced node parameters as well
AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND UNCERTAINTY” in as for U.S. persons’ activities supporting such facility or
Annual Report section (II), Financial Statements for a discussion semiconductor manufacturing items. In October 2022, the
of how TSMC assesses if an impairment charge is required and, Company secured a one-year general authorization from
if so, how the amount is determined. the U.S. government, which allows TSMC to maintain the
Company’s fab’s operations in Nanjing, China. This general
6.3.5 Other Risks authorization has been renewed and extended to be effective
until May 31, 2024. TSMC is also applying for a Validated
Potential Impact and Risks Associated with Sales of
End-User (the “VEU”) authorization for its Nanjing fab,
Significant Numbers of Shares by TSMC’s Directors, and/
which, once obtained, would be a permanent authorization
or Shareholders Who Own 10% or More of TSMC’s Total
that allows the Company to receive exports of eligible items
Outstanding Shares
from the U.S. without separate licenses. However, there
The value of TSMC shareholders’ investment may be reduced
is no assurance that TSMC will be able to obtain the VEU
by possible future sales of TSMC shares owned by major
authorization for our Nanjing fab or that the obtained general
shareholders.
authorization will not be terminated in the future. On the other
hand, measures adopted by an affected country to counteract
As of the date of this Annual Report, no single shareholder
the impact of another country’s actions or regulations could
owned 10% or more of TSMC’s total outstanding shares.
lead to significant legal liability to multinational corporations
148 149

--- Page 77 ---

Fab 6
7
Environmental,
Social &
Governance
(ESG)
TSMC is the only semiconductor company to be selected as
a component of the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for 23
consecutive years.
150 151

[TABLE START]


																				ntal,
e
(ESG)
ny to be selected as
ability Indices for 23
151
																Fab 6				
					150															
																	Env			
																7
So				
																	Go
TSMC is th			
																			e only semiconductor compa
nt of the Dow Jones Sustain
e years.	
																	a compone
consecutiv			
					150															



[TABLE END]


--- Page 78 ---

7.1 Overview daily operations. At the same time, every quarter the chairperson of the ESG Committee reports on the implementation of plans
and results to the Board of Directors/Nominating, Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee, under whose supervision
TSMC actively implements ESG management following three missions: Acting with Integrity, Strengthening Environmental
the ESG Committee continues to improve TSMC’s sustainability management policies, strategies, and goal setting and deepen
Protection, and Caring for the Disadvantaged. In so doing, the Company seeks maximum achievements as the leading technology
sustainable development.
and capacity provider of the global logic IC industry and strives to establish mutually beneficial interaction with all stakeholders –
employees, shareholders/investors, customers, suppliers/contractors, governments/associations and society as a whole – aiming to
In 2023, TSMC focused primarily on green manufacturing and supply chain management (including net zero emissions, renewable
create sustainable value and to be a force for positive change.
energy access and use, biodiversity strategy, and low-carbon value chain management), diverse and inclusive workplace, and talent
development (including a series of activities promoting diversity and inclusion, conducting human rights due diligence, deepening
Guidance for Implementing – ESG
high school students’ science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) programs), and public welfare investments such
With the vision of Uplifting Society, TSMC has formulated its ESG Policy as the overarching guiding principle for sustainable
as the Public Welfare Green Energy Project. TSMC also planned and oversaw ESG budgets for 2023 and 2024. The Company uses
development, in which the ESG Matrix, established by the Company’s founder Dr. Morris Chang, clearly defines the scope of its
sustainability reports as an ESG management tool and updates themed reports such as the Climate and Nature Report, the UN’s
ESG responsibilities. TSMC strives to carry out its ESG commitment in seven areas: morality, business ethics, economy, rule of law,
SDG Action Report, and the Materiality Analysis Report. In June 2024, TSMC will release its first Sustainability Impact Valuation
sustainability, work-life balance and happiness, and philanthropy. Actions that TSMC has taken to fulfill these commitments are
Report, which includes social impact and environmental profit and loss analysis, and Human Rights Report to further expand
integrity, law compliance, anti-corruption/anti-bribery/anti-cronyism, environmental protection/climate control/energy conservation,
sustainability transparency and drive towards a better future.
corporate governance, providing well-paying jobs, generating good shareholder return, employee work-life balance, encouraging
innovation and a good work environment. TSMC also advances ESG through its Charity Foundation and Education and Culture
Stakeholder Engagement
Foundation to fulfill corporate citizenship responsibilities.
TSMC respects all stakeholders’ rights and interests in sustainability issues and aims to foster interaction through diverse
communication platforms. These channels include a dedicated ESG website, ESG mailbox, Investor mailbox, Employee Feedback
TSMC ESG Matrix
Channels, Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System, and the Supply Chain Worker Grievance Channel. TSMC systematically
Work/Life manages and addresses stakeholders’ concerns through identification, prioritization, and validation.
Society
Morality Business Ethics Economy Rule of Law Sustainability Balance Philanthropy
TSMC
Happiness
Stakeholders and Communication Channels in 2023
Integrity V V
Law Compliance V Stakeholders Communication Channels
Anti-Corruption Employees ●E mployee Opinion Survey on Company Core Values, Employee Engagement Survey
Anti-Bribery V V V ●E mployee trainings
Anti-Cronyism ●S ilicon Garden Meeting (labor-management meeting)
Environmental Protection
●C ommunication meetings for various levels of managers and employees; e.g. the executives communication meeting, skip levels and communication meeting in
individual functions or divisions
Climate Control V V
Energy Conservation
●H uman Resources Business Partner Team
●O mbudsman system, whistleblower reporting system, irregular business conduct reporting system, and sexual harassment investigation committee
Corporate Governance V V V ●C orporate intranet (myTSMC), internal emails, and other announcement channels (such as promotion posters at facilities), TSMC eSilicon Garden Stories
●E mployee suggestion channels, such as the Fab Caring Circle, Employee Opinion Box, Wellness Center, wellness website, employee PIP & IT Security mailbox and
Provide Well-Paying Jobs V V hotline, etc.
Good Shareholder Return V Shareholders/Investors ●A nnual general shareholders’ meeting
●A nnual Reports, Sustainability Reports, Theme Reports (UN SDGs Action Reports, Materiality Analysis Reports, Sustainability Impact Valuation Report, Climate and
Employees’ Work-Life Balance V Nature Report, Human Rights Report), and Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Encourage Innovation V V
●Q uarterly earnings conference
●D omestic and overseas broker conference
Good Work Environment V ●F ace-to-face meetings, video conference calls and telephone conference calls
●M ajor announcements on the Market Observation Post System, and corporate press releases on the Company’s website
TSMC Charity Foundation V V V
Customers ●C ustomer satisfaction survey
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation V V V ●B usiness and technology assessment
●C ustomer meetings
●C ustomer visits/audits
ESG Management
Suppliers/Contractors ●S upplier Code of Conduct promotion
●S upplier Sustainability Management Self-Assessment Questionnaire (SAQ)
TSMC has established the ESG Steering Committee as the highest level of ESG decision-making, chaired by the Company’s ●S upply chain environment, safety and health training
●S ustainable Supply Chain Environment, Safety and Health Forum
Chairman, while the Chairperson of the ESG Committee serves as executive secretary, and other members are senior executives from ●C arbon reduction follow-up meeting with major emission contributors
●S upplier meetings
a wide variety of functions. All work together to examine material ESG issues in relation to the Company’s operations, set the short-, ●O n-site support and audit
medium- and long-term strategic directions that link to the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). ●S upply Chain Employee Grievance Channel
●S upply Online 360 Global Responsible Supply Chain Platform
Government/Industry Associations ●Industry association communication platform
The ESG Committee functions to coordinate and integrate resources, and facilitate communication among various divisions, ●O fficial correspondence and visits
●O ffer industry experience and advice, and keynote speech
implementing the resolutions of the Company’s ESG Steering Committee. The ESG Department, on behalf of the ESG Committee, ●C onferences (e.g., briefings, public hearings, symposia, seminars, meetups)
works together with cross-organizational representatives to identify key sustainability issues in relation to the Company’s operations Society ●V olunteer activities and services, volunteer cadre meetings
●P roject collaboration and visit
and stakeholders’ concerns. Task forces are formed to address various issues and frame adaptive strategies, goals and action ●S ponsorship of charity projects and educational projects
plans. The ESG Committee holds quarterly meetings to track progress and ensure the strategies are implemented effectively in
●“ Sending Love” charity platform
●T SMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation websites
●E SG website, ESG Newsletter, ESG mailbox and social media (Facebook and LinkedIn)
152 153

[TABLE START]

Society
TSMC	Morality	Business Ethics	Economy	Rule of Law	Sustainability	Work/Life
Balance
Happiness	Philanthropy
	V	V					
				V			
	V	V		V			
				V	V		
		V	V	V			
			V			V	
			V				
						V	
		V	V				
						V	
					V	V	
					V	V	
Stakeholders	Communication Channels

[TABLE END]


--- Page 79 ---

Responsibilities of ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee Members TSMC demonstrated its commitment to sustainable development by publishing a non-financial annual report for the 25th
consecutive year and engaging diverse stakeholders in daily operations. Based on the five ESG directions of Drive Green
Committee Members Responsibilities Stakeholders
Manufacturing, Build a Responsible Supply Chain, Create a Diverse and Inclusive Workplace, Develop Talent, and Care for the
Legal Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and Employees
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information Government/Industry Disadvantaged, TSMC continued to develop more sustainable innovation models. The Company conducted a materiality analysis in
Associations line with GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 from the GRI Universal Standards 2021 released in October 2021 by the Global Sustainability
Society (Note)
Standards Board (GSSB), incorporated the spirit of its risk management policy, and identified ESG issues of significant impact on its
Customer Service Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of Customers
conduct Government/Industry operations and potential challenges that need to be addressed at its Taiwan facilities (headquarters, wafer fabs, backend packaging
Associations
fabs, and testing fabs), TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, TSMC Washington, LLC, Japan Advanced Semiconductor
Information Technology and Materials & Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business Employees
Risk Management Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan Shareholders/Investors Manufacturing, Inc., VisEra and other subsidiaries. This process has helped calibrate the Company’s sustainable strategy, set goals,
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors implement risk mitigation measures, enhance operational resilience, and deepen its sustainable development capacity. The TSMC
Government/Industry sustainability report incorporates the following: the GRI Standards, Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Associations
Society Recommendations, Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) Recommendations, Sustainability Accounting Standards
Quality and Reliability Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism Customers Board (SASB) Standards, AA1000 Accountability Principles. TSMC received assurance from the DNV Business Assurance Co. Ltd. that
Suppliers/Contractors
the Company is in compliance with DNV VeriSustainTM Protocol, the GRI standards, SASB Standards, and the TCFD framework.
Research and Development Innovation management, green products Employees
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors
As the only semiconductor company selected for the Dow Jones Sustainability World Indices for the past 23 consecutive years,
Government/Industry
Associations TSMC actively fulfills its corporate citizenship responsibilities and responds to the UN SDGs by setting long-term goals for 2030
Business Development Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product Employees and implementing corresponding actions. Anchored in the concept of SDG 17 Partnerships for the Goals, TSMC collaborates
innovations; establishing and promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and Customers
achievements Society with internal and external stakeholders to create sustainable value in ESG aspects. Through mutual dialogue, cooperation, and
Finance Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy Employees participation, TSMC strengthens resource linkage and overall value chain influence, driving substantial positive change and building
Shareholders/Investors
Customers a better future for all.
Suppliers/Contractors
Government/Industry
Associations
2023 ESG Awards and Ratings
Investor Relations Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual Shareholders/Investors
report production Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Operations Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing C
Sh
u
a
st
r
o
eh
m
o
e
ld
rs
ers/Investors
Overall ESG Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) ●Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 23rd consecutive year
Suppliers/Contractors MSCI ESG Indexes ●MSCI ACWI ESG Leaders Index component
Environment, Safety and Health Environmental policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy Employees ●MSCI ESG Research – AAA Ratings
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response Shareholders/Investors ●MSCI ACWI SRI Index component
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for Customers ●MSCI ACWI Islamic Index component
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion, Suppliers/Contractors ●MSCI Emerging Markets ESG Leaders Index
communication of ESH regulations Government/Industry Sustainalytics ●Company ESG Risk Ratings: Low ESG Risk – Semiconductor Industry
Associations
Society ISS ESG ●“Prime” Rated by ISS ESG Corporate Rating
Human Resources Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights Employees FTSE4Good Index ●FTSE4Good Emerging Index component
Government/Industry ●FTSE4Good All-World Index component
Associations ●FTSE4Good TIP Taiwan ESG Index component
Society
World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) ●SDG2000 – The 2,000 Most Influential Companies
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Cultivating young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture Society
S&P Global ●The Sustainability Yearbook Award 2023 – Top 10% S&P Global ESG Score
TSMC Charity Foundation Philanthropy, community relations Society
Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy ●Taiwan Top 10 Sustainability Exemplary Awards for the 8th consecutive year
Public Relations Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations Society ●Corporate Sustainability Report Awards
●Circular Economy Leadership Awards
Note: Society includes community, non-governmental organizations, non-profit organizations, and the public. ●Information Security Leadership Awards
●Supply Chain Leadership Awards
●Sustainable Water Management Leadership Awards
●Climate Leadership Awards
Morningstar ●The Best Sustainable Companies to Own in 2023
The Financial Times and Statista ●Asia-Pacific Climate Leaders 2023
(Continued)
154 155

[TABLE START]

Committee Members	Responsibilities	Stakeholders
	Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information	
	Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of
conduct	
	Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business
Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan	
	Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism	
	Innovation management, green products	
	Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product
innovations; establishing and promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and
achievements	
	Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy	
	Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual
report production	
	Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing	
	Environmental policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion,
communication of ESH regulations	
	Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights	
	Cultivating young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture	
	Philanthropy, community relations	
	Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations	
Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)	
	MSCI ESG Indexes	
	Sustainalytics	
	ISS ESG	
	FTSE4Good Index	
	World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)	
	S&P Global	
	Taiwan Institute for Sustainable Energy	
	Morningstar	
	The Financial Times and Statista	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 80 ---

certifications are maintained and valid. Per TSMC policy, all new wellness, HR and legal affairs divisions. External experts have
Category Organization Awards and Ratings
facilities are required to attain the aforementioned certifications also been invited to discuss the potential risks of occupational
Economy and Governance Institutional Investor Magazine ●Most Honored Company (Technology/Semiconductors) – All-Asia
●Best Overall ESG (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia within 18 months after receiving their facility operating license. diseases in the semiconductor manufacturing process and
●Best CEO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
●Best CFO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia prevention plans for such diseases. To mitigate health risks to
● ● B B e e s s t t I I n n v v e e s s t t o o r r R R e e l l a a t t i i o o n n s s P P r r o o g fe r s a s m io n (T a e l c ( h Te n c o h lo n g o y lo /S g e y m /S i e c m on ic d o u n c d to u r c s t ) o – rs 1 ) s – t P 1 l s a t c P e la ( c b e u ( y b -s u id y- e s i a d n e d a s n e d ll - s s e id ll- e s ) i d – e A ) – ll- A A l s l i - a Asia To reduce overall environmental, safety and health risks, TSMC employees, suppliers and contractors in the workplace, TSMC
●Best Investor Relations Team (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia strives for continuous improvement and actively seeks to has adopted rigorous safety and health control measures
●Best Company Board (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia
enhance climate-change management, pollution prevention focused on preventing occupational injuries and diseases and
IFI Claims Patent Services ●Ranked as 3rd in 2023 Top 50 US Patent Assignees
and control, power and resource conservation, waste reduction promoting employee safety, physical and mental health.
Forbes ●The World’s Top 10 Largest Technology Companies in 2023
●Global 2000 and recycling, safety and health management, and fire and
FutureBrand Index ●FutureBrand Index component explosion prevention, as well as to minimize the impact of To minimize supply chain risk and fulfill corporate social
FORTUNE ●2023 World’s Most Admired Companies earthquake damage. responsibility, TSMC not only follows ESH best practices
●Fortune Global 500
internally but also strives to improve the ESH performance of its
Brand Finance ●Brand Finance Global 500
In order to meet regulatory and customer requirements for the suppliers and contractors through audits and counselling.
Asiamoney ● ● O 20 v 2 er 3 a l A l s O ia u ’s ts O ta u n t d st in an g d C in o g m C p o a m ni p e a s n b ie y s m – a S r e k m et iconductors & Semiconductor Equipment Sector for the 6th consecutive year management of hazardous materials, TSMC has adopted the
Business Today ●Top 1,000 Enterprises in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China IECQ QC 080000 hazardous substance process management TSMC uses priority work management and self-management
Taiwan Stock Exchange ●Top 5% in Corporate Governance Evaluation of Listed Companies for the 9th consecutive year (HSPM) system. All TSMC fabs have been QC 080000 to govern services provided by contractors. The Company
certified and have maintained validity since 2007. Through requires contractors performing level-one high-risk operations
PricewaterhouseCoopers ●Global Top 100 Companies by Market Capitalization for the 11th consecutive year
the establishment of QC 080000, TSMC ensures that its to complete certification for technicians and to establish
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan Patent Applications for the 8th consecutive year
Property Office ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan Patent Grants for the 4th consecutive year products comply with customer requirements and international their own ISO 45001 safety and health management system.
Germany Federal Office for Information Security ●Common Criteria, ISO/IEC 15408- EAL6 Site Certification – Fab 18A, Fab 18B, AP6, Fab 14A, Fab 14B regulations including the European Union’s Restriction of The emphasis on self-management nurtures the sense of
Corporate Synergy Development Center ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Gold Tower Award – Fab 3 & EBO, Fab 8, Fab 14A, Fab 15B, Fab 18A, IMC Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive, the EU’s Registration, responsibility, with the goal of promoting safety awareness
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Silver Tower Award – Fab 2 & Fab 5, CPO, ACCT
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Fab 3, EBO, IMC Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals and technical improvement for all contractors in the industry.
Clarivate ●2023 Top 100 Global Innovators (REACH), the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete For onsite contractor personnel, TSMC has standardized
the Ozone Layer, the “halogen-free in electronic products” courses on safety and health and increased the frequency
LexisNexis ●Innovation Momentum 2023: The Global Top 100
initiative, perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), perfluorooctanoic of such courses to improve training effectiveness and safety
Environment, Safety and Health Corporate Knights & As You Sow ●2023 Carbon Clean 200TM List
acid (PFOA) and related substances restriction standards. In awareness. To ensure that the Company’s safety protocols are
CDP ●Climate Change B Ratings
●Water Security A- Ratings addition, in 2016 TSMC started a project to minimize usage accurately delivered to contractors on a timely basis, TSMC has
●Supplier Engagement B Rating
of the hazardous substance N-methylpyrrolidinone (NMP) and established a digital platform for mutual communication so
Alliance for Water Stewardship, AWS ●“Platinum” Class Certification for the 4th consecutive year – Fab 5, Fab 6, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, Fab 14P5, Fab 14P6, Fab
14P7, Fab 15A, Fab 15B, AP3 as a result by the end of 2022 NMP use in the Company’s that onsite operational risks can be mitigated.
U.S. Green Building Council ●Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) – “Gold” Class Certification – Fab 18P4 Office, Fab 18P6 & P7 Taiwan fabs had been reduced by 97.2% compared to the
Manufacturing Facility, Fab 12P8 Manufacturing Facility
use in 2016. In 2023, TSMC continued to further reduce NMP TSMC collaborates with suppliers to manage the sustainability
UL Solutions ●Platinum Rating for UL 2799 Waste Recycling Standard
usage in its subsidiary fabs and expected to complete process of the supply chain, including formulating supplier
Ministry of Environment, R.O.C. ● ● N G a re t e io n n C al h E e n m te is r t p ry ri s A e p E p n li v c i a ro ti n o m n e a n n t d a l I n P n ro o t v e a c t t io io n n A A w w a a r r d d – – F F a a b b 1 8 4 , B F , a F b a 1 b 4 1 B 8 , P F 1 a , b A 1 P 5 3 B, VisEra replacement in 2024. sustainability standards, drawing up audit plans, performing
Society Forbes ●2023 World’s Best Employers audits and tracking improvements, coaching and training, and
In 2011, TSMC began implementing the ISO 50001 energy additional instruction for suppliers with subpar performance.
Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C.
●National Occupational Safety and Health Award – Enterprise Benchmarking Award for the 2nd consecutive year
management system for continuous improvement in Strengthening the professional capabilities of suppliers in
CommonWealth Magazine ●Talent Sustainability Award energy conservation. In 2022, all TSMC and its subsidiaries’ environmental protection, safety and health, fire response,
manufacturing facilities had received ISO 50001 Energy and carbon inventory were key focuses in 2023. To achieve the
7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management Management System certification and has maintained the goal, the Company held the environmental protection, safety
certification validity until now except for TSMC Washington. and health workshops (57 participants from 52 suppliers),
TSMC believes its environmental, safety and health practices must not only meet legal requirements but should also align with TSMC Washington in the U.S. plans to receive this certification fire emergency response workshops (60 participants from
internationally recognized best practices. The Company’s ESH policies aim to achieve “zero incidents” and “environmental in 2024. 51 suppliers), supplier carbon inventory workshops (28
sustainability” and to make TSMC a world-class organization in environmental, safety and health management. The Company’s participants from 24 suppliers) and environmental protection,
strategies for attaining these goals are to comply with regulations, promote safety and health, strengthen recycling and pollution Aiming to establish the healthiest possible workplace, in 2017 safety and health workshops for suppliers’ senior managers (29
prevention, manage ESH risks, instill an ESH culture, establish a green supply chain, and fulfill its related corporate social TSMC formed a corporate-level health promotion committee participants from 17 suppliers). In addition, for the past eight
responsibilities. led by executives at the vice president level to address on an years suppliers have been invited to observe TSMC’s annual
ad-hoc basis occupational disease cases or other health issues. emergency response drills (accumulated 195 participants from
All TSMC and its subsidiaries’ manufacturing facilities have received ISO 14001: 2015 certification for environmental management The committee members include site directors, managers 190 suppliers) and the Company’s environmental, safety and
systems and ISO 45001: 2018 certification for occupational safety and health management systems. TSMC and its subsidiary fabs of safety and health department, and representatives from health sustainability forum focused on successful case sharing
in Taiwan have each been certified by the Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management System (TOSHMS). All the above
156 157

[TABLE START]

Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Institutional Investor Magazine	
	IFI Claims Patent Services	
	Forbes	
	FutureBrand Index	
	FORTUNE	
	Brand Finance	
	Asiamoney	
	Business Today	
	Taiwan Stock Exchange	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual
Property Office	
	Germany Federal Office for Information Security	
	Corporate Synergy Development Center	
	Clarivate	
	LexisNexis	
	Corporate Knights & As You Sow	
	CDP	
	Alliance for Water Stewardship, AWS	
	U.S. Green Building Council	
	UL Solutions	
	Ministry of Environment, R.O.C.	
	Forbes	
	Occupational Safety and Health Administration,
Ministry of Labor, R.O.C.	
	CommonWealth Magazine	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 81 ---

(359 participants from 117 suppliers). TSMC also conducts environmental, safety and health audits at supplier manufacturing sites
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2023 Actions
and actively assists suppliers in improving their ESH performance. Finally, the Company requests that suppliers conduct a carbon
Impact on the Company’s Inability to satisfy the expectations Improve the Company’s reputation Upgrade TSMC performance ●Led the industry as the only semiconductor company
emissions inventory and encourages them to implement measures to save energy, reduce carbon emissions, conserve water and reputation of stakeholders, negatively in stakeholders’ sustainability chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) for
impacting the Company’s ranking the 23rd consecutive year
reduce waste. reputation
Drought (TSMC Operation) Production negatively affected, Increase resilience and ability to cope Strengthen resilience in coping ●Raised the building base of Fab 18 Phase 8 and Fab 14
causing financial losses and a with natural disasters with climate change impact, Phase 8 two meters higher
7.2.1 Environmental Protection Drought (Supply Chain) decrease in revenue lower risk of operations ●Fab 18 Phase 8 and Fab 14 Phase 8 committed to using
disruption, and reduce potential and developing reclaimed water
Climate Change and Energy Management Flooding (TSMC Operation) losses ●Required suppliers to assess drought and flooding risk in
operating facilities and implement related risk reduction
● Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Flooding (Supply Chain) actions
●Implemented drills based on drought emergency
In view of the potential financial risks of climate change on operations, in 2018 TSMC adopted TCFD recommendations released by procedures
the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to identify risks and opportunities and further establish metrics and management targets based on Rising Temperatures Increase in electricity consumption, Strive for low-carbon, green Save energy and cut costs ●Conserved 830 GWh of electricity through energy-saving
cost, and carbon emissions manufacturing projects
the results identified.
Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management
TSMC remains committed to becoming a global leader in green manufacturing. In response to threats presented by extreme
Category Management Strategy and Actions
weather, TSMC sets strategies and targets, ensures sound execution and strives to build a sustainable culture. In 2021, TSMC
Governance Board of Directors periodically reviews climate change related risks and opportunities
●ESG Steering Committee: TSMC’s top organization in climate change management. Chaired by the Chairman of TSMC with the chairperson of the ESG Committee serving as announced its long-term goal of net zero emissions by 2050, while setting the short-term goal of zero growth in emissions by
executive secretary. The Committee reviews TSMC’s climate change strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors.
2025. By actively implementing emission reduction measures, the Company is working to return its carbon emissions to 2020 levels
●Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee: The Company’s management organization for taking action on climate change risk and opportunity. It is chaired by the Vice
President of Fab Operations. Every quarter, this Committee formulates management plans, reviews implementation status, and discusses future plans. by 2030.
Strategy Identify short-, medium- and long-term climate risks and opportunities through cross-departmental discussion
Use scenario analysis to assess the potential operational and financial impact of significant climate risks and opportunities to the Company The Company actively participates in the initiatives of the World Semiconductor Council (WSC), and has leveraged its past experience
Promote low carbon manufacturing to approach net zero emissions and strengthen climate resilience to develop best practices, which have been fully adopted and implemented by the Company since 2012, to reduce perfluorinated
Through communication and coaching, enhance suppliers’ climate risk awareness and response capabilities, and cooperate with suppliers to actively develop and implement specific compounds (PFC) emissions. In 2013, in accordance with the Ministry of Environment’s regulation Early Actions for Carbon Credit
carbon reduction actions
of Greenhouse Gases Reduction, TSMC applied for recognition of GHG reduction from 2005 to 2011 and received 5.28 million
Risk Management Use the TCFD framework to establish TSMC’s climate risk identification process
tons of carbon dioxide credits in 2015. Those carbon credits can be used to offset GHG emissions of new manufacturing facilities
Follow the risk identification and ranking on climate change to develop relevant responding projects
regulated by Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) Act, which can support the Company’s sustainable operations and mitigate
Integrate climate risk identification and assessment into the enterprise risk management (ERM) process
climate-change risk.
Metrics and Targets Set management metrics related to climate change
Develop carbon emission reduction targets for TSMC and its suppliers and regularly review the progress on achieving said targets
Since 2005, TSMC has completed the GHG inventory program and taken a complete inventory of its GHG emissions to gain ISO
14064 certification. The inventory shows that the major direct GHG emissions are PFCs, which are widely used in the semiconductor
Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities
manufacturing process. The primary indirect GHG emission is electricity consumption. The analysis of the inventory data was
performed not only to meet domestic regulatory reporting requirements but also to serve as a baseline reference for the Company’s
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2023 Actions
strategy to reduce GHG emissions. Since 2005, TSMC has also participated in the international disclosure and rating agency CDP to
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Restrictions on capacity expansion, ●Participation in renewable energy Early purchases of renewable ●Entered into power purchasing agreements for renewable
Emissions Cap and Carbon increases in operation costs plans energy, successfully increasing energy totaling 3.1GW publicly disclose climate change information for 19 consecutive years and to continuously review and improve related management
Tax/Carbon Fee ●Participation in carbon trading production capacity ●Used 2,590 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the
market proportion of renewable energy use to 11.2% practices.
●Achieved 100% renewable energy used in overseas
subsidiaries and offices for the sixth consecutive year
●Purchased 284 thousand tons of carbon credits to achieve In response to the commitment of global climate summit Paris Agreement and the Republic of China’s Greenhouse Gas Reduction
net zero emissions of overseas plants
and Management Act promulgated in 2015, TSMC initiated a cross-functional platform for carbon management in 2016. The three
Trend to Net Zero Emission ●Increased cost of installation and Win public recognition and carbon Accumulate carbon credits in ●Received carbon credit for fluorinated-GHG and nitrous
operation of carbon reduction emissions offset cooperation preparation for future carbon oxide reduction offset project about 600 thousand tons areas of focus of this platform are legal compliance, emission reduction, and carbon credit acquisition. In addition to participating
equipment emissions offset ●100% use of carbon neutral natural gas from Chinese
●Increased cost of purchasing Petroleum Corporation in TSMC Taiwan fabs in official regulatory consultation and communications meetings, the Company also sets short-, medium- and long-term reduction
carbon offset products ●TSMC global offices used carbon credits to achieve net
targets through the Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee led by the fab operations vice president. The measures are
zero emissions
carried out by energy and carbon reduction teams of individual fabs. Because more than 80% of TSMC’s GHG emissions come
Develop low-carbon product services Satisfy customers’ needs for ●Developed energy saving products for the 5nm, 3nm and
to improve product energy efficiency energy-saving products and more advanced manufacturing process from electricity consumption, the Company emphasizes energy conservation and carbon reduction initiatives. TSMC has not only
increase revenue
implemented energy-conserving designs in its manufacturing fabs and offices but has also continuously improved the energy
Commitment of The development of advanced Use reclaimed water Smooth construction of ●Consumed reclaimed water 12.61 million cubic meter/year
Environmental Impact technologies potentially hampered advanced production lines efficiency in operating its facilities. These efforts simultaneously reduce carbon dioxide gas emissions and costs. As a result,
Assessment (EIA) by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water TSMC has conserved 3.9 billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of power since 2016. In February 2023, Taiwan renamed the “Greenhouse
Uncertainty of Rising electricity consumption in Construct green buildings Reduce utility costs ●Received five green building certifications Gas Reduction and Management Act” to the “Climate Change Response Act” and amended the provisions. Relevant laws and
Development of New advanced technology production
regulations are being formulated. TSMC will continue to monitor and evaluate the potential impact on the Company, so as to
Energy Saving Technology lines increases production costs
respond early.
(Continued)
158 159

[TABLE START]

Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2023 Actions
	Inability to satisfy the expectations
of stakeholders, negatively
impacting the Company’s
reputation	Improve the Company’s reputation	Upgrade TSMC performance
in stakeholders’ sustainability
ranking	
	Production negatively affected,
causing financial losses and a
decrease in revenue	Increase resilience and ability to cope
with natural disasters	Strengthen resilience in coping
with climate change impact,
lower risk of operations
disruption, and reduce potential
losses	
	Increase in electricity consumption,
cost, and carbon emissions	Strive for low-carbon, green
manufacturing	Save energy and cut costs	
Category	Management Strategy and Actions
Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2023 Actions
	Restrictions on capacity expansion,
increases in operation costs	●Participation in renewable energy
plans
●Participation in carbon trading
market	Early purchases of renewable
energy, successfully increasing
production capacity	
	●Increased cost of installation and
operation of carbon reduction
equipment
●Increased cost of purchasing
carbon offset products	Win public recognition and carbon
emissions offset cooperation	Accumulate carbon credits in
preparation for future carbon
emissions offset	
		Develop low-carbon product services
to improve product energy efficiency	Satisfy customers’ needs for
energy-saving products and
increase revenue	
	The development of advanced
technologies potentially hampered
by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaimed water	Use reclaimed water	Smooth construction of
advanced production lines	
	Rising electricity consumption in
advanced technology production
lines increases production costs	Construct green buildings	Reduce utility costs	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 82 ---

Since 2018, TSMC began to aggressively negotiate the purchase of renewable energy with suppliers in Taiwan. Targeting a The goal of water management at TSMC is to optimize Waste Management and Recycling
long-term commitment of 100% renewable energy, TSMC has committed to achieving 60% renewable energy by 2030. Since utilization of every drop of water. In addition to positively In recent years, as TSMC continued to develop advanced
2018, the overseas manufacturing fabs and offices have purchased renewable energy, REC and carbon credits to offset all implementing process water-saving measures, TSMC processes and expand capacity rapidly both at home and
carbon emissions caused by power consumption. All TSMC overseas sites achieved net zero emissions in 2023 again. Although collaborates with industrial, governmental, and academic overseas, waste production has increased due to the complexity
development of renewable energy in Taiwan is in an early stage, TSMC has established a renewable energy task force and continues organizations to invest in the development of water of new process development, demand for reliable yield rates,
to communicate closely with government. In the hope that the collaboration would speed up renewable energy development in reclamation technology. Through participation in the and increasing use of raw materials.
Taiwan, the Company has made recommendations to the government. TSMC continues to find renewable energy. By the end of professional committee activities of the Taiwan Science Park
2023, the total installation capacity of renewable energy contracted reached 3.1GW (gigawatts). The renewable energy will be Association, TSMC shares water-saving experiences and To achieve the goal of sustainable resource utilization, TSMC
provided to TSMC gradually after the related business process has been completed. This is a clear manifestation of the Company’s professional knowledge with semiconductor industry peers has a designated unit responsible for waste recycling and
active support of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). to achieve the common goal of the entire park and ensure disposal. The priorities are process waste reduction onsite and
long-term water resource supply-demand balance. In order offsite recycling and regeneration, with incineration and landfill
In 2020, TSMC became the first semiconductor company to join RE100, the global corporate renewable energy initiative, and to further circulate the use of water resources and support as the least desirable final option. In 2017, TSMC amended
pledged that power consumption of all the Company’s manufacturing plants and offices would be 100% supplied from renewable the government’s promotion of reclaimed water policy, TSMC its articles of incorporation to add four business items for
energy by 2050. In 2023, TSMC further announced the acceleration of the RE100 sustainability process in response to climate launched the Southern Taiwan Science Park Reclaimed Water chemical materials to enhance waste process flow and reduce
change and mitigation of climate impacts by moving up the original goal from 2050 to 2040. Plant operation in September 2022, the first private water risks of improper waste disposal by commissioned agencies.
reclamation plant in Taiwan, and introduced reclaimed water It also set up onsite resource activation facilities to convert
TSMC GHG Reduction Target and Achievement Status into the semiconductor manufacturing process. In addition to waste resources produced during manufacturing process into
reclaimed water supplied by TSMC’s Southern Taiwan Science products to be used onsite or to sell to other industries. TSMC
Strategy 2030 Goal 2023 Target and Achievement Achievement Status
Park Reclaimed Water Plant, TSMC’s fabs in Southern Taiwan recycled copper sulfate waste, cobalt-containing liquid waste,
Continue to use best available technology to Reduce GHG emissions per unit product (metric Reduced GHG emissions per unit product (metric Unachieved (Note)
reduce GHG emissions and become an industry ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12- ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12- Science Park started using reclaimed water supplied by the sulfuric acid waste and ammonium sulfate waste, all of which
leader in low-carbon manufacturing inch equivalent wafer mask layer) by 30% (Base inch equivalent wafer mask layer) increased by Yongkang reclaimed water plant and the Anping reclaimed were regenerated into products. The Company also developed
year: 2020) 31% (Target: -9%)
water plant when they started up in later 2022 and early 2023 a system of cryolite synthesis whereby hydrogen fluoride (HF)
Note: Due to the impact of the global economic cycle, the overall production capacity of TSMC in 2023 did not meet expectations, resulting in an increase in unit product GHG emission and failure to achieve the annual
target. Therefore, TSMC will continue to implement energy saving and carbon reduction related actions. respectively. The supply of above reclaimed water exceeded waste is recycled and regenerated into raw material that can be
62.5 thousand cubic meters per day in 2023. By the end of used in other industries. As a result, the Company has become
Air and Water Pollution Control 2023, 1.261 million cubic meters of reclaimed water had been a leader in waste resources regeneration. At the same time,
The Company has installed air and water pollution control equipment in each fab to meet regulatory emissions requirements. In used in the semiconductor manufacturing process in TSMC’s TSMC’s fabs in Taiwan achieved a 95% waste recycling rate for
addition, TSMC maintains backup pollution control systems, including emergency power supplies, to mitigate the risk of pollutant Tainan fabs, helping the Tainan fabs reduce city water usage the ninth consecutive year, with a landfill rate below 1% for
emissions in the event of equipment failure. The Company centrally monitors the operations of its air and water pollution control by 21% and TSMC reach the replacement rate of reclaimed the 14th consecutive year. Furthermore, TSMC’s Taiwan fabs
equipment 24 hours a day by rotating staff and treats system effectiveness as an important tracking item to ensure the quality of water up to 12%. TSMC commits to continuing to increase the became the first semiconductor facilities in the world to jointly
emitted air and discharged water. utilization of reclaimed water in newly constructed fabs in the obtain the highest platinum rating for UL 2799 certification
future. in 2023. This achievement builds on the success of TSMC’s
To further enhance water resources management, TSMC has adopted and followed the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Fab 12 Phase 1 and Phase 2 in gaining the UL 2799 platinum
standard, the sustainable water management standard. In 2022, TSMC AWS certified fabs (Note) in Taiwan's three science parks TSMC Water Usage in Recent Two Years certification in 2021. TSMC will continue to strive towards its
including Hsinchu, Central Taiwan and Southern Taiwan obtained AWS Platinum certification – the highest level available and it has goal of net-zero emission by 2050 reaffirming its commitment
Total Water Usage (m3) Unit Product Water Usage
maintained it platinum-level certification in subsequent years. Year (Note 1) (L/12-inch wafer-e-layer) to the SDG 12.
2023 113,610,463 176.4
Furthermore, the Company has upgraded the internal water platform (Water Map) to diverse water supply integration platform. TSMC Waste Quantity and Outsourced Unit Waste
2022 104,681,272 137.3
In addition to improving use interface, the platform also includes diverse water use information like reclaimed water quality and Disposal in Recent Two Years (Note 1)
quantity to fully grasp and manage the usage of water within the fab from all aspects, not only continuously tracks water reservoir
Outsourced Unit
capacity but also monitors in-house water quality and quantity. Based on the water balance diagram, it further integrates the TSMC Water Usage Reduction Target and Achievement Waste Disposal
Outsourced Outsourced
water usage flow, flow rate, and recycling mechanisms to calculate the recovery rate, discharge rate, and water usage of each unit Status Year General Waste Hazardous Waste (Note 3)
(kg/12-inch
(ton) (Note 2) (ton) (Note 2)
to improve water recycling rate. In 2023, TSMC continued to implement four major water saving measures: improving the water equivalent wafer
2023 Target and Achievement mask layer)
Strategy 2030 Goal
production rate of the system, reducing facility system water consumption, increasing the wastewater recycling of facilities, and Achievement Status
2023 285,605 371,236 1.17
decreasing water discharge loss from the system, and the overall system has increased recycled water use by 4.28 million cubic Enforce climate Reduce unit water Increased unit water Unachieved
change mitigation consumption (liter/12- consumption by (Note 2) 2022 342,804 401,215 0.99
meters.
policies, implement inch equivalent wafer 25.24% (Target: -2.7%)
water conservation mask layer) by 30% Note 1: T he data in the table are preliminary results collected by TSMC and have not yet been verified
and water shortage (Base year: 2010) by a third party
adaptation Note 2: Totals include Taiwan and subsidiary facilities
measures Note 3: Taiwan facilities
Note 1: Includes TSMC fabs in Taiwan and subsidiaries total use of city water and reclaimed water.
Note 2: D ue to the impact of the global economic cycle, the overall production capacity of TSMC in
2023 did not meet expectations, resulting in an increase in unit product water consumption and
Note: TSMC AWS certified fabs include Advanced Backend Fab 3, Fab 5, Fab 12A/B, Fab 15A/B, Fab 6, Fab 14B and Fab 14 Phase 7, covering the watersheds of all the fab locations across the Hsinchu, Central Taiwan failure to achieve the annual target. Therefore, TSMC will continue to implement process water
and Southern Taiwan Science Park. saving and the use of reclaimed water.
160 161

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2023 Target and Achievement	Achievement Status
	Reduce GHG emissions per unit product (metric
ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-
inch equivalent wafer mask layer) by 30% (Base
year: 2020)	Reduced GHG emissions per unit product (metric
ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-
inch equivalent wafer mask layer) increased by
31% (Target: -9%)	
Year	Total Water Usage (m3)
(Note 1)	Unit Product Water Usage
(L/12-inch wafer-e-layer)
	113,610,463	
	104,681,272	
Year	Outsourced
General Waste
(ton) (Note 2)	Outsourced
Hazardous Waste
(ton) (Note 2)	Outsourced Unit
Waste Disposal
(Note 3)
(kg/12-inch
equivalent wafer
mask layer)
	285,605	371,236	
	342,804	401,215	
Strategy	2030 Goal	2023 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce unit water
consumption (liter/12-
inch equivalent wafer
mask layer) by 30%
(Base year: 2010)	Increased unit water
consumption by
25.24% (Target: -2.7%)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 83 ---

TSMC Waste Reduction Target and Achievement Status
2023 Environmental Efficiency of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
Strategy 2030 Goal 2023 Target and Achievement Achievement Status
Unit: NT$ thousands
Promote waste reduction by source separation Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer ≦0.50 Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer 1.17 Unachieved (Note)
and require vendors to provide low chemical (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) (kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) (Target: Category Description Efficiency
consumption equipment ≦0.98%)
1. Cost Savings of Environmental Protection Energy savings 1,326,241
Note: The main reason was production decreased while waste generation did not decrease proportionally. Projects
Water savings 53,419
Waste reduction 1,127,000
In order to ensure that all waste is treated and recycled properly, TSMC closely tracks the recycling and reuse practices of its cleanup
2. Economic Efficiency for Industrial Waste Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals, 656,000
and disposal vendors. The Company carefully selects waste disposal and recycling vendors that are certified and have required
Recycling plastics, and other waste
permits. TSMC regularly checks the onsite operational status, disposal declaration forms, operational records, etc., to compare
Total 3,162,660
with actual reuse and disposal, and takes proactive steps to strengthen vendor auditing. For example, all waste transportation
contractors have agreed to join the GPS Satellite Fleet so that the cleanup transportation routes and abnormal stays for all trucks
Green Building and Green Factory
can be traced. All waste recycling and disposal vendors have installed closed-circuit TV systems at operating sites to monitor and
Since 2006, TSMC has adopted standards from both the Taiwan Green Building and the U.S. Green Building Council – Leadership
audit waste handling. At the same time, to further guarantee proper waste handling, in 2022 TSMC built the system of waste
in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) for new fab and office building designs to achieve better energy and resource efficiency
intelligent fast track (S.W.I.F.T.) and completed five different types of waste treatment vendors for pilot testing. As of 2023, 29% of
compared to conventional designs. The Company has also continued to upgrade existing office buildings to comply with the LEED
waste treatment vendors have instituted S.W.I.F.T. and TSMC intends to roll it out to all waste treatment vendors in 2030. Using AI
standard each year. From 2008 to 2023, 44 of TSMC’s fabs and office buildings achieved LEED certifications: three platinum and
technology in lieu of in-person on-site spot checks increases inspection efficiency 65-fold and reduces manual inspection by 13,000
41 gold. During this time, the Company also received six Taiwan Intelligent Building diamond-class certifications and 29 Taiwan
hours each year. In addition, TSMC conducts ongoing surveys of recycled product tracking and requires all recycling contractors to
ecology, energy saving, waste reduction and health (EEWH) certifications: 21 diamond, six gold and two silver. Since 2009, the
report their recycled product sales monthly to track waste flow and ensure that actions are taken to adhere to lawful and proper
Company has been a leading supporter of the Taiwan government’s Green Factory Label standard, including the Clean Production
waste recycling and treatment.
and Factory Green Building evaluation systems. TSMC received Taiwan’s first Green Factory Label and 14 labels in total as of the end
of 2023 and is the most awarded company of this label in Taiwan.
Environmental Accounting
The purpose of TSMC’s environmental accounting system is to identify and quantify environmental costs for internal management.
Environmental Audit Results in Violation of Environmental Regulations
At the same time, the Company also calculates and evaluates the savings or economic benefits of environmental protection
In 2023 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC has had no environmental regulation violations.
programs so as to continuously promote economically effective programs. While environmental expenses are expected to continue
to rise, environmental accounting can help manage these costs more effectively. TSMC’s environmental accounting measures
7.2.2 Sustainable Products
various environmental costs, establishes independent environmental account codes, and provides the data to all units for use in
annual budgeting. The Company’s economic benefit evaluation calculates cost savings for energy conservation, water or waste
TSMC collaborates with its upstream material and equipment suppliers, design ecosystem partners and downstream assembly
reductions and recycling benefits in accordance with its environmental protection programs. The benefits disclosed in this report
and testing service providers to minimize environmental impact. Reducing the resources and energy consumed for each unit of
include real income from projects such as waste recycling as well as savings from major environmental projects. In 2023, the total
production allows the Company to provide customers with more advanced, power efficient, and ecologically sound products.
benefits of environmental protection programs of TSMC fabs including waste recycling exceeded NT$3,160 million.
These include ultra-low power (ULP) and low operating voltage (low Vdd) chips for wearables and IoT devices, low-power chips for
mobile devices, high-efficiency LED driver chips for flat panel display backlighting, indoor/outdoor solid state LED lighting, Energy
2023 Environmental Cost of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
Star certified low standby AC-DC adaptor chips, high-efficiency DC brushless motor chips, electric vehicle chips and low-power
Unit: NT$ thousands server chips. By leveraging TSMC’s superior energy-efficient technologies, these chips support sustainable city infrastructure, greener
Classification Description Expense Investment vehicles, smarter grids, more energy efficient servers and data centers and other applications. In addition to helping customers
1. Direct Costs for Reducing Environmental Impact design low power, high performance products to reduce resource consumption over the product’s life cycle, TSMC’s green
(1) Pollution Control Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others 12,527,395 21,936,725 manufacturing practices provide additional green value to customers and other stakeholders.
(2) Resource Conservation Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation - 7,322,372
(3) Energy Conservation Costs for electricity consumption saving - 3,370,600 TSMC-manufactured ICs are used in a broad variety of applications in various segments of the computer, communications,
consumer, industrial, electric vehicle, server and data center, and other electronics markets. Through TSMC’s manufacturing
(4) GHG Reduction Include: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for 1,405,002 3,962,322
purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other technologies, customers’ designs are realized and their products are incorporated into people’s lives. These chips, therefore, make
costs for direct GHG emissions reduction
significant contributions to the progress of modern society. The Company endeavors to achieve profitable growth while providing
(5) Industrial Waste Disposal and Recycling Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill) 3,844,746 -
products that add environmental and social value. Listed below are several examples of how TSMC-manufactured products make
2. Indirect Costs for Reducing Environmental (1) Cost of employee environmental training 751,872 1,137,685
Impact (Environmental Managerial Costs) (2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures significant contributions to the environment and society.
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees Environmental Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services
3. Other Environmental Costs (1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation - - 1. Continuously Drive Technology to Reduce Power Consumption and Save Resources
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and ● To play its part in achieving sustainability, TSMC continues to drive the development of advanced semiconductor process
lawsuits
technologies to help customers create more advanced, energy-efficient and environmentally friendly products. In each new
Total 18,529,015 37,729,703
162 163

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2023 Target and Achievement	Achievement Status
	Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer ≦0.50
(kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer)	Outsourced unit waste disposal per wafer 1.17
(kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer) (Target:
≦0.98%)	
Category	Description	Efficiency
	Energy savings	
	Water savings	
	Waste reduction	
	Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals,
plastics, and other waste	
Classification	Description	Expense	Investment
Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others	12,527,395
Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation	-
Costs for electricity consumption saving	-
Include: (1) Process GHG emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium for
purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct GHG emissions reduction	1,405,002
Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill)	3,844,746
(1) Cost of employee environmental training
(2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees	751,872
(1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
lawsuits	-
	18,529,015

[TABLE END]


--- Page 84 ---

technology generation, circuitry line widths shrink, making Chip Total Power Consumption infrastructure. TSMC’s industry-leading ULP offerings these electronic devices. In addition, TSMC SoC technology
transistors smaller and reducing product power consumption Cross-Technology Comparison include FinFET-based 12-nanometer technology, N12eTM, integrates more functions into one chip, reducing the
for completing the same tasks or achieving the same level More power is saved as line width shrinks featuring energy efficiency with high performance that total number of chips in electronic devices, again resulting
of performance. In addition, calculations using the Industry, results in more computing power and AI inferencing, 22nm in a smaller system form factor; (2) new TSMC process
Science, and Technology International Strategy Center’s Ultra-low leakage (ULL), 28nm ULP, 40nm ULP, and 55nm technologies also help chips reduce power consumption,
model reveal that in 2020 TSMC helped the world conserve ULP, which have been widely adopted by various edge AI allowing mobile devices to be used for a longer period
4kWh of energy for each 1kWh spent in production – a system-on-a-chip (SoC), battery-powered applications. TSMC of time between recharges; and (3) TSMC helps spread
testimony to TSMC’s commitment to green manufacturing has also extended its low Vdd offerings with simulation the growth of more convenient wireless connectivity such
both internally and externally. (Please refer to “Sustainable program with integrated circuit emphasis (SPICE) models with as 3G/4G/5G and WLAN/Bluetooth, meaning people can
Products by TSMC Facilitates Global Energy Conservation” a wide-range of operating voltages for extreme low-power communicate more efficiently and “work anytime and
on page 11 of TSMC’s 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility applications. anywhere,” significantly increasing the productivity and
Report.) mobility of modern society.
● As TSMC quickly ramped up its 7nm and newer generation 4. Develop Greener Manufacturing to Lower Energy
technologies, combined wafer revenue contribution of 7nm Consumption 2. Unleash Customer Innovations in CMOS Image Sensors
and technologies beyond grew significantly from 9% in ● TSMC continues to develop more advanced and efficient (CIS) and Micro-Electromechanical Systems (MEMS) that
2018 to 58% in 2023. TSMC’s objective is to continue R&D technologies to reduce energy/resource consumption and Enhance Human Health and Safety and Create Green
0.034 0.022 0.015
investment and increase wafer revenue contribution in 7nm 1 0.6 0.3 0.07 0.056 pollution per unit during the manufacturing process, as well Products
and technologies beyond, helping the Company achieve both N55LP N40LP N28HPM 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm as power consumption and pollution during product use. ● T o make machines smarter, safer and more user and
(1.2V) (1.1V) (0.9V) 12FFC (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V)
profitable growth and sustainability. In each new technology generation, circuitry line widths environmentally friendly, sensors are a must. Optical,
(0.8V)
shrink, making chips smaller for the same circuit designs acoustic, motion, and environment sensors are mostly made
Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was
TSMC Wafer Revenue Contribution from 7nm and Technologies re-aligned. and lowering the energy and raw materials consumed using either CIS or MEMS technologies. TSMC continues to
Beyond for per chip in manufacturing. In addition, the Company put substantial effort into developing more advanced CIS
2. Provide Customers Leading Power Management IC continuously provides process simplification and new design and MEMS technologies to enable customers to create new
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Processes with the Highest Efficiency methodology based on its manufacturing excellence to products for new applications. For CIS, TSMC and customers
9% 27% 41% 50% 53% 58%
● TSMC’s leading manufacturing technology helps customers help customers reduce design and process waste so as to have extended applications from traditional RGB (red, green,
design and produce green products. Power management produce more advanced, energy-saving and environmentally blue) sensing to 3D depth sensing, optical fingerprint, and
Chip Die Size Cross-Technology Comparison chips, the key components that supply and regulate power friendly products. For total energy savings and benefits near infrared (NIR) machine vision, etc. For MEMS, TSMC
Die size reduces as line width shrinks to all other IC components within electronic devices, are realized in 2023 through TSMC’s green manufacturing, see and customers have extended applications from traditional
the most notable green IC products. TSMC helps customers “Environmental Accounting“ on page 162-163 in this annual motion sensing to microphone, bio-sensing, micro-speakers,
produce industry-leading power management chips with report. medical ultrasound actuators and more. TSMC customers’
more stable and efficient power supplies and lower energy sensing devices are used in consumer electronics, mobile
consumption. Power management ICs manufactured Social Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services communications, automotive electronics, industrial, and
by TSMC for its customers are widely used in computer, 1. Unleash Customers’ Mobile and Wireless Chip Innovations medical devices, and so on. They are increasingly smaller,
communication, consumer, electric vehicle, server and data that Enhance Mobility and Convenience faster, more accurate and more energy efficient, greatly
center, and other systems around the globe. ● The rapid growth of smartphones and tablets in recent enhancing human convenience, health and safety, and
years reflects strong demand for mobile devices, which contributing to sustainability.
3. Drive Industry-leading, Comprehensive ULP Technology accelerates innovations for IC products such as baseband,
Platform RF transceivers, application processors (AP), wireless local As an example, TSMC customers introduced the latest
● To meet low-power consumption requirements for IoT area networks (WLAN), CMOS image sensors (CIS), near field automotive CIS products for car safety systems in 2023,
markets, such as smart wearable, smart home, health communication (NFC), Bluetooth, and global positioning which makes the advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS)
care and smart city for IoT products, TSMC continues to systems (GPS), ultra-wide band (UWB), organic light-emitting and autonomous driving systems smarter and safer. In
0.063 0.047 0.035 0.026
1 0.48 0.25 0.11 invest in expanding and enhancing its ultra-low power diode (OLED) display drivers and power management ICs addition, adopting TSMC’s innovative MEMS technology,
55nm 40nm 28nm 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm 3nm processes. The Company provides industry’s leading and (PMIC) among others. These mobile devices offer remarkable TSMC customers successfully introduced next-generation
12FFC most comprehensive ULP technology platform to support convenience in daily living, and TSMC contributes significant MEMS speakers, featuring smaller form factor and better
Note: The logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power consumption, was
re-aligned. various smart edge devices, including smart watches, value to these devices in the following ways: (1) new TSMC high frequency response. These features further improve user
hearing aids, pacemakers, continuous glucose monitoring process technologies help chips achieve faster computing experience by enabling more flexible industry design, bigger
(CGM) devices, environment monitoring, and smart grid speeds in smaller sizes, leading to smaller form factors for battery space and closer to natural sound quality for hearing
aid and consumer grade hearing assistance devices.
164 165

[TABLE START]

0.6	0.3	0.07	0.056	0.034	0.022
2018	2019	2020	2021	2022	2023
	27%	41%	50%	53%	
0.48	0.25	0.11	0.063	0.047	0.035

[TABLE END]


--- Page 85 ---

7.2.3 Safety and Health Working Environment and Employee Safety and Health ● Environmental, Safety and Health Evaluation of New Tools management control for chemicals with potential health
Protection and New Chemical Substances hazards. If abnormal measurements occur, events happen, or
Safety and Health Management
The Company’s ESH policy is focused on establishing a safe As a technology leader in the global semiconductor industry, an exposure assessment indicates there is an adverse health
TSMC’s safety and health management complies with local
working environment, preventing occupational injury and TSMC operates increasingly diversified process tools and effect on employees, ESH professionals immediately conduct
and international standards and adheres to the management
illness, keeping employees healthy, enhancing every employee’s introduces new chemicals in the R&D stage. Before using onsite observation and intervention to reduce the risk of
approach of Plan, Do, Check, Act to prevent accidents,
awareness and sense of accountability to ESH, and building a new tools or new chemicals, they are reviewed carefully hazardous factors exposure to acceptable levels.
promote employee safety and health, and protect Company
strong ESH culture. by the new tool and new chemical review committee. The
assets. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan have received Taiwan
purpose is to ensure that new tools are compliant with the ● H ealth Promotion Program
Occupational Safety and Health Management System
There were a total of 48 occupational injuries at TSMC in 2023, semiconductor industry’s safety standards (such as SEMI-S2) In order to establish the healthiest possible workplace and
(TOSHMS) certification since 2009. In 2018, the International
involving 48 people, representing approximately 0.07% of the and that environmental, safety and health concerns about reduce the incidence of occupational disease, TSMC formed
Organization for Standardization released ISO 45001: 2018,
total number of employees. The disabling injury frequency new chemicals are addressed and controlled including a corporate-level committee to carry out health promotion
replacing OHSAS 18001, with major changes in the expansion
rate (FR) was 0.35, under the 0.4 target, and the disability the use of engineering controls and personal protection programs covering three key areas:
of the scope, support and participation of the leadership,
injury severity rate (SR) was 4, not meeting the target of less equipment, as well as operational safety training during 1. E xposure and health risk assessment: develop an exposure
collection and planning of internal and external issues, the
than 4. TSMC is reviewing potential improvement measures, storage, transportation, use and disposal. A total of 417 cases assessment system to identify high health risk employees.
expectations and demands of stakeholders, the assessment
such as the promotion of safety culture-related posters or of new tools and chemical substances were approved by the 2. H azardous training and notification: use standardized
of risk inspections, communication and consultation with
animations to strengthen employee safety awareness. By new tool and new chemical review committee in 2023 after training materials for employees and contractors in all
non-managers, the application of performance indicators,
implementing interactive communication training courses on they were evaluated and reviewed in accordance with the TSMC fabs. Inform them of the health risks and prevention
and the evaluation of corrective and preventive actions.
safety culture, TSMC can integrate safety into daily life and aforementioned standards and before entering TSMC. measures at the workplace before they begin working or
Meanwhile, ISO 45001 ensures the spirit of the system can
encourage employees to proactively discuss safety-related providing any services there.
be effectively implemented at the management level through
issues. To reduce sports injuries, it is mandatory for the welfare ● General Safety Management, Training and Audit 3. S trengthening management of chemicals with significant
management review, internal audit, automatic check, and
committee and departments to conduct risk identification All TSMC manufacturing facilities hold environmental, safety health risks: request suppliers that all materials they provide
security patrol to identify safety concerns and opportunities
and hazard reminders before organizing sports activities. The and health committee meetings on a monthly basis. TSMC to TSMC comply with applicable laws including clear
for improvement. All Company fabs in Taiwan received ISO
Company continuously observes operations and conducts has adopted multiple preventive measures such as controls disclosure of any hazardous substances. Perform sampling of
45001 certification for occupational health and safety in
compliance inspections to identify potential injury risks in the on high-risk work, contractor management, chemical safety raw materials used in the manufacturing process to confirm
2019 and all TSMC subsidiaries obtained the certification
workplace and implement improvement measures to enhance management, personal protective equipment requirements, that they do not contain any carcinogenic, mutagenic or
in 2020. All the above certifications have been maintained.
workplace safety. In addition to regular reviews, the caring and safety audit management. In addition, the Company toxic-reproductive materials as claimed on supplier’s safety
New facilities, including TSMC Arizona, Japan Advanced
program for employees has been enhanced and managers maintains detailed disaster response procedures and performs data sheet (SDS).
Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. (JASM), are required to
have been directed to pay closer attention to the physical and regular drills designed to minimize injuries to employees and
receive aforementioned certifications within 18 months upon
mental state of employees to ensure their safety and health damage to property, as well as the impact on society and the ● E mergency Response
receiving facility license per TSMC’s internal policy.
while at work. environment in the event of a disaster. The planning and execution of an effective emergency
response requires identifying potential high-risk events via risk
In addition to accident prevention, TSMC has established
TSMC safety and health management operations apply to the TSMC Safety-related Training and Promotion in Recent Two Years assessment and being prepared for various scenarios. It should
emergency response procedures to protect employees and
following: focus on continuous improvements and drills covering all
Total Number of Employees Who Have Completed
contractors if a disaster should occur, as well as to prevent Year
Safety-related Training potentially serious events. TSMC’s emergency response plans
and/or reduce the negative impact on the community and the
● Equipment Safety and Health Management 2023 297,403 include procedures for rapid-response crisis management and
environment. TSMC communicates regularly with suppliers
In addition to meeting regulatory requirements and internal 2022 271,702 disaster recovery for potential incidents.
to ensure that the potential risk in operating production
standards, as well as mitigating ESH-related risks when building
equipment is minimized and that safety control procedures are
or expanding facilities, TSMC also maintains procedures All TSMC fabs conduct major annual emergency response
followed rigorously during installation. The Company places ● Working Environment Hazardous Factors Management
governing new equipment and raw materials, requires safety exercises and evacuation drills. TSMC’s onsite service
stringent controls on high-risk operations and also evaluates TSMC conducts workplace hazard assessments to provide a
approvals for bringing new tools online, updates safety rules, contractors are also required to participate in emergency
the seismic tolerance of its facilities and equipment to reduce comfortable, safe workplace for employees. The Company also
and implements seismic protection and other safety measures. response planning and exercises to ensure cooperation in
the risk of earthquake damage. educates employees and requires them, when appropriate, to
handling accidents and to effectively minimize any damage
use personal protective equipment (PPE) to prevent hazardous
TSMC requires that all new tools meet SEMI-S8 requirements caused by disasters. In 2023, the Company held 132
For epidemics, TSMC has established corporate-level prevention exposures.
and that appropriate supplementary control measures be taken evacuation drills and 36 fire drills. At least every two years, each
committees and procedures for emergency response to
to reduce ergonomic risk. Moreover, the Company endeavors to fab director invites fab management and support functions to
outbreaks of infectious diseases. The Company performs semi-annual workplace environment
automate the transportation of 300mm front-opening unified participate in business continuity drills for potentially high-risk
assessments of physical and chemical hazards, including
pods (FOUPs) to prevent cumulative physical injury caused by events such as earthquake, fire and flood (at the Tainan site).
CO concentration, illumination, noise, and hazardous
repetitive manual handling of this equipment. TSMC 300mm 2 Since 2018, TSMC has conducted complex accident emergency
chemical substances as regulated by local laws. In addition,
fabs have all converted to automatic transportation control. response drills, which include simultaneous scenarios for
TSMC performs exposure assessments and uses hierarchy
earthquake, fire and chemical spills to ensure rapid response
166 167

[TABLE START]

Year	Total Number of Employees Who Have Completed
Safety-related Training

[TABLE END]


--- Page 86 ---

to emergencies so that losses can be minimized in the event ● Employee Physical and Mental Health Enhancement feedback from employees. In the future, the Company will training and hopes to establish a world-class semiconductor
of a real disaster. In 2020, TSMC took the lead in the industry TSMC believes that employee physical and mental health continue to implement relevant promotional activities to take supply chain that exceeds international standards and serves as
to introduce the all-hazard approach as recommended by the is not only fundamental to maintaining sound business care of the health of employees. a global benchmark.
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to conduct operations but is also an important part of a corporation’s
disaster prevention exercises. responsibility. To preserve and promote the physical and 7.2.4 Supplier Management TSMC is subject to the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission
mental health of its employees, TSMC fosters collaboration (SEC) disclosure rule on conflict minerals released under Rule
Management Aspect
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, TSMC added tabletop among the onsite industrial safety and environmental 13p-1 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a
For better supply chain management, TSMC is committed
exercises to disaster prevention training in an effort to protection department, the onsite medical personnel of the recognized global leader in the high-tech supply chain, the
to communicating with and encouraging its suppliers and
minimize the risks of group infections that may arise as a health center, and physicians of occupational medicine. TSMC Company acknowledges its corporate social responsibility
contractors to increase their quality, cost effectiveness and
result of full-scale exercises. The inclusion of tabletop exercises strives to reduce cerebral and cardiovascular conditions or to ensure procurement of conflict-free minerals in an effort
delivery performance, and make continuous improvement in
also aids in the verification of full-scale exercise procedures to injuries that might be induced or aggravated by overwork, to recognize humanitarian and ethical social principles that
supply chain sustainability. Through regular communication
make disaster response more comprehensive, thus effectively night work or shift work. The Company conducts programs for protect the dignity of all people. To this end, TSMC has
with senior managers, site audits and experience sharing, the
mitigating the impact of various types of disasters on business maternal health protection and for prevention of cumulative implemented a series of compliance safeguards in accordance
Company collaborates with major suppliers and contractors to
continuity in the future. As of 2023, in addition to 644 sessions trauma disorders as well. TSMC devotes significant resources with leading industry practices such as adopting the due
enhance partnerships and ensure continued improvement of
of tabletop exercises, 91 full-scale exercises had also been to mental health awareness, focused not only on hazards diligence framework in the Organization for Economic
performance and increased joint contributions to society. As
completed. at work but also on employee health in general. In 2023, Cooperation and Development (OECD)’s Model Supply Chain
noted above, contractors performing high-risk activities must
planned personal health management activities included: (1) Policy for a Responsible Global Supply Chain of Minerals from
lay out clearly defined safety precautions and preventative
In addition to the regular emergency response drills held 497 female employees participated in the maternal health Conflict-Affected and High Risk Areas, issued in 2011.
measures. In addition, contractors working on high-risk
by engineering and facilities departments each quarter, the program, and the completion rate was 100%. 496 of them
engineering projects must establish ISO 45001 or OHSAS
Company’s laboratory, canteen, dormitory, and shuttle bus were at first degree risk, where there was no potential harm TSMC is a strong supporter of the RBA and the Global
18001 systems and the workers must successfully complete
personnel also hold emergency response drills to prepare for to the mother or infant. One female employee was assessed e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI). As a member of RBA, TSMC
work-related skill training. All contractors performing high-risk
events such as earthquakes, chemical spills, ammonia release, as second degree risk, with potential harm to the mother or requires suppliers source conflict-free minerals through their
activities obtained ISO 45001 certification before the end of
fires and traffic accidents. infant, but after proper adjustments to her work duties, her jointly developed Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI). Since
2021.
risk was downgraded to first degree. (2) Through analysis of 2011, TSMC has asked its suppliers to disclose and make timely
● Emerging Infectious Disease Response historical cerebral and cardiovascular cases of its employees, updates on smelters information. The Company encourages
Supply Chain Sustainability
TSMC has a dedicated corporate ESH organization to monitor TSMC sharpened the disease assessment criteria used by suppliers to source minerals from facilities or smelters that have
TSMC works with suppliers in several fields of sustainable
emerging infectious diseases around the world, to assess contracted doctors, and, in combination with internal annual received a “conformant” designation by a recognized industry
development, such as greening the supply chain, carbon
any potential impact on the workplace, and to provide an health examination reports and work scheduling information, group (such as the RMI) and also requires those who have not
management for climate change, mitigation of fire risk, ESH
appropriate strategic response plan. In previous outbreaks the Company was able to identify 2,830 employees with received such designation to become compliant with RMI or an
management and business continuity plans in the event of a
such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 influenza in 2009, and MERS in middle to high risk for cerebral and cardiovascular diseases. equivalent third-party audit program. TSMC requires the use of
natural disaster.
2015, as well as with COVID-19 from 2019 to 2023, TSMC These employees were provided with health education and conflict-free tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold in its products.
followed the Taiwan CDC’s (Center for Disease Control) rules medical assistance. Also, they and their managers received
Since becoming a full member of the Responsible Business
and convened the corporate influenza response committee to recommended changes in working hours and shifts to reduce TSMC will continue to conduct the supplier survey annually
Alliance (RBA) in 2015, TSMC has completed implementation
develop the Company’s strategies. These strategies included health risks. (3) 170 employees were identified as high risk for and require suppliers to improve and expand their disclosure
of the RBA code of conduct throughout the Company by
educating employees in prevention and response, publishing cumulative trauma disorders, including one who might also to fulfill regulatory and customer requirements. For further
performing self-assessments at its facilities worldwide and
guidelines for managers, establishing guidelines for employee have job-related risks, and the Company adjusted working information, see the Company’s Form SD filed with the U.S.
reviewing policies and procedures in the areas of labor, health
sick leave, and installing alcohol-based hand sanitizers at conditions accordingly to reduce potential risks. (4) As SEC. (https://investor.tsmc.com/english/sec-filings)
and safety, environment, ethics and management systems.
appropriate locations. The Committee also monitors the status obesity has been considered as a precursor to hyperglycemia,
of employee leave due to illness and, at the same time, develops dyslipidemia, and hypertension and insomnia, TSMC has held 7.3 TSMC Education and Culture Foundation
To enhance supply chain sustainability and streamline risk
a continuity plan to address manpower shortages and minimize health promotion programs for several consecutive years. In
management, the Company is committed to collaborating In 2023, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation focused
business impact. For example during the COVID-19 outbreak, in 2023, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic and catering to the
with its suppliers to maintain full compliance with Taiwan’s on three major areas: cultivation of the younger generation,
order to protect the health of TSMC employees, their families, younger generation’s preference for social and video media,
environmental, safety, health and fire protection regulations. educational collaboration, and promoting arts and culture.
and work partners, employees were encouraged to be fully apart from physical weight loss activities (5,782 participants;
TSMC developed a supplier’s code of conduct, which In order to meet these objectives, the Foundation committed
vaccinated if in healthy condition. In addition, TSMC reviewed total weight loss reached 5,263 kg),TSMC conducted a series
affirmed basic labor rights and standards for health, safety, NT$99 million to work towards achieving three of the United
the situation from time to time and formulated appropriate of online interactive activities including: (a) Fourteen sessions
environment, ethics and management systems. TSMC works Nations 17 sustainable development goals (SDGs): SDG
preventive measures such as daily body temperature checks of “Health Lecture Online” with 7,142 attendees in total; (b)
with suppliers to evaluate the risk and impact on the economy, 4 Quality Education, SDG 5 Gender Equality, and SDG 11
and updated vaccination information before entering Company Nine health workshops with a total of 238 person-times; (c)
the environment, and society and to make continuous Sustainable Cities and Communities. Foundation activities
facilities and continued to follow epidemic prevention Activities of World Mental Health Day with a total of 2,189
improvement. The Company has helped boost suppliers’ included organizing trips to science and arts museums
recommendations such as mask wearing, frequent hand attendees. The above activities have all received positive
performance of sustainability through experience sharing and for students from rural areas to broaden their horizon,
washing and social distancing.
168 169

--- Page 87 ---

empowering teachers in rural areas to elevate students’ two artists, Jun-Lin Ye and Liang-Zhi Ke, for a face-to-face (formerly Madame Curie) science camp as a way to cultivate A three-way partnership with the Foundation, the National
literacy, and hosting popular science camps for young women conversation to share their knowledge of font design and domestic talent in fundamental science. The TSMC Female Symphony Orchestra (NSO), and Taipei National University of
from senior high school so as to spark their interest in STEM calligraphy. The two artists also discussed the information Scientists Tour, on the other hand, focused on kindling female the Arts was launched and continued to promote the Music
fields. In doing so, the Foundation contributed to sustainable embedded in and aestheticism conveyed through the Chinese high school seniors’ passion for science. Each year, young sans frontier Educational Project, which invited internationally-
development and created a positive impact on our society. characters on signboards. Their talks addressed the essence women from 12 senior high schools in Taiwan are invited to renown conductor Shao-Chia Lu and NSO’s music director
and beauty of the art of Chinese characters, increasing the visit science museums, participate in science workshops and Jun Markl to university campuses to broaden music students’
Create Diverse Platforms, Encourage the Young to public’s knowledge of and interest in the arts of calligraphy attend talks by female scientists, who can encourage female horizons. The initiative further arranged internships at the
Explore More Opportunities and seal-carving. students to keep on exploring the STEM fields by relating their orchestra for the students enrolled in the class as a way to
The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation has long own education and work experience. enrich their stage experience. The Foundation also carried on
dedicated itself to young people’s development. Hence the The TSMC Youth Literature Award, co-organized by TSMC its collaboration with GuoGuang Opera Company to continue
Foundation regularly organizes science and humanity learning Education and Culture Foundation and the United Daily, Work in Tandem with Educational Partners, Realize its three-year “on-campus project: Passing on Traditional
platforms in the various forms of competitions, camps and celebrated its 20th anniversary in 2023 and received 13,752 Quality Education Theatre Heritage,” starting from 2021. This project offers a
lectures to spark young students’ interest in the humanities and entries. As part of the celebration, the Foundation also held The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation works in tandem year-long course at both National Tsing Hua University and
science. The Foundation joins forces with several educational three special literary events: Online Book Exhibitions of Past with public and private educational institutions – schools, Tunghai University for three years consecutively. The course
institutes and media outlets to tap into great potential of the Award Winners, Risingsun Awards, and Documentary of NGOs and state-funded arts and educational institutes – to contents included the knowledge of the theater, Peking
younger generation. Portraits of TSMC Youth Literary Writers. The Risingsun Awards pool available resources and focus on the real needs of the Opera analysis and appreciation, Peking Opera performance
grants its award to the most representative works of fiction, society so as to reach those who need but have no accessible demonstration, showcasing and combining theoretical
For the eighth TSMC Udreamer, themed “sowing a seed essays and contemporary poems as selected by a panel of resources and allow quality education to be realized in every knowledge and hands-on performance practices, guiding 115
of dreams,” the Foundation held a special exhibition that judges of writers, Wen-Yin Zhong, Yu-Hui Liao and Wen-Wei corner of Taiwan. number of students to learn about and experience the beauty
combined the dream-building journey of popular science writer Xu, from the published works of former TSMC Youth Literature of theater. A public performance is scheduled at the end of
Rui-Ming Wang (Fat Fat Tree) and organized events such as a Award winners and upcoming literary stars, which included In 2021 the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation launched this 3-year project that showcases the course’s teaching and
guided ecological tour of the Botanical Garden, lectures and 22 novels, 15 essays and 17 contemporary poems. The final a five-year Teaching & Learning Project, in partnership with learning is scheduled to take place at the Main Theater of
fairs as a way to inspire the younger generation to pursue Risingsun Awards were granted to the tenth award winner CommonWealth Magazine Education Foundation and Prof. Taiwan Traditional Theatre Center in 2024. In 2023, TSMC
their dreams. More than 5,000 person-times participated in Zhen-Fu Xu, the first award winner Jie-An Chen, and the third Hwawei Ko Reading Research Center of National Tsing Hua Theater Lectures also broadened its scope. In addition to its
this series of events reaching a historical high. In addition the award winner Zi-Xuan Zhuang. Judging from the list of the University. The project aims to improve the measurement and partnership in passing on traditional theater with GuoGuang
Foundation launched the TSMC Udreamer mentorship program winners, it can be said that the literary seeds sown by the evaluation of learning effectiveness through empowering Opera Company, two other theater companies – Taiwan
whereby 15 TSMC employees joined the mentorship effort to TSMC Youth Literature Award over the past 20 years are now teachers, to enhance teachers’ literacy teaching capacity Kunju Opera Theatre and Hsing Legend Youth Theatre – came
accompany competition teams along their nine-month journey growing into a flourishing garden of literature. through technological integration, and to assist teachers in together to organize events specially designed for high school
of a dream-building project through professional training teaching reading comprehension. As the project reached seniors in Hsinchu, Taichung and Tainan. 1,620 person-times
workshops and regular experience sharing to help the students Apart from the humanities, TSMC Education and Culture its third year, the teaching plan was adjusted in accordance participated in the events, which fostered the appreciation and
be connected with the society and fully realize their potential Foundation has long promoted popular science education, with actual practice so that the project would better fit understanding of traditional theater.
through a multi-dimensional educational philosophy and sponsoring a wide range of science competitions and camps. the teachers’ needs. In doing so, the Teaching & Learning
design. The Foundation continued its partnership with Center for Project gradually transformed from a one-way resource into a In 2023, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation
the Advancement of Science Education of National Taiwan two-way communication activity and therefore provided more enhanced the contents of the TSMC Aesthetics Trip and the
For artistic education to take root in children at an early age, University to hold the TSMC Cup: Competition of Scientific solid support for school teachers in rural areas. So far 127 TSMC Science Trip from museum trips to in-depth educational
the Foundation teamed up with the Sun Yun-Suan Foundation Short Talk, which included two events: competition for teachers and 1,341 students have participated in the project. courses. The trips still offer students guided tours to important
and the Mandarin Daily News to organize the first TSMC expressing scientific innovation and essay awards on reading The Foundation also continued its collaboration with Junyi permanent exhibitions at arts and science museums, but
Penmanship Competition, thereby encouraging students to popular science books, which aim to encourage young Academy to develop and promote online courses that cater they now also offer lectures on art appreciation, hands-on
understand the beautiful lines embedded in Chinese characters students to read popular science books and watch related to the real needs of teachers and students in rural areas and workshops and science workshops with trained lecturers. The
by utilizing tools found in everyday life and to further videos. The events hope to enhance students’ capacity to narrowing the gap of available sources between the urban lectures guide primary students from rural areas to experience
enhance their own sense of beauty. The first competition convey scientific knowledge through internalizing skills of and rural areas. The Foundation also funded scholarships and learn in depth subjects on historical culture and artifacts,
was well-received and drew 4,824 entries. In addition to the analyzing and discussing science with dialectical logic. The and sponsored free laptops for 101 outstanding students arts and aesthetics, architectural landscape and science. Finally,
Penmanship Competition, the Foundation continued to further competition for expressing scientific innovation, expanded its from disadvantaged backgrounds at five national universities: in order to assist junior high school students to appreciate the
develop the art of Chinese calligraphy and seal-carving. The scope in 2023 and, as a result, not only did students in Taiwan National Central University, National Tsing Hua University, beauty of literature, the Foundation continued its partnership
16th TSMC Youth Calligraphy and Seal-Carving Competition enter the competition, but teams from as far as Malaysia National Chung Cheng University, National Cheng Kung with Unitas literary magazine to organize the third TSMC Youth
drew its inspiration from calligraphic characters seen in also participated. More than 400 people took part in the two University, and National Sun Yat-sen University so that students Literature Camp at the Emei Junior High School in Hsinchu.
everyday life on billboards and signboards in the streets, competitions. The Foundation has long funded the three major from disadvantaged backgrounds can be free of financial The Camp expanded to be an event lasting four days and three
urging the public to observe and appreciate Taiwan’s unique science camps for gifted students in Taiwan, Chien-Shiung worries and focus on their academic performance. nights with the goal of improving literary education for junior
signboards in Chinese characters. The Foundation invited Wu science camp, Ta-You Wu science camp and Marie Curie high school students and guiding them to appreciate the
170 171

--- Page 88 ---

beauty of novels, essays, scripts and theater so that literature Opera Company and Prof. Shih-Lung Lo at the Department of In 2023, the Foundation demonstrated its dedication to units. In 2022, the Foundation cooperated with National Yang
can take root in their lives. Chinese Literature of National Tsing Hua University, introduced investing in public welfare and expanding projects to improve Ming Chiao Tung University and Guandau Hospital to establish
the public to fine and elegant theater through analyzing texts its scope of services: a smart exercise club for the elderly, and introduce the TSMC
Supporting Arts and Culture Teams, Promoting Cultural and the history of theater and interviewing theater maestros. volunteer services to prevent disability and delay aging through
Canon This program was nominated for the Best Host of Arts and ● Education Empowerment exercise. In 2023, the Foundation launched the adaptability
In addition to providing continuous quality education, the Culture at the 58th Golden Bell Awards. On another front, The Foundation continuously provides educational and assessment system for TSMC volunteers. The system not only
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation furthers dedicates Yi-Yun Xin, a master in classic Chinese literature who has been living assistance to institutes in need and to children in rural provides guidance for employees to join the volunteer team but
itself to preserving traditional culture, funding long-term presenting a radio lecture on Chinese classics on Sound of IC areas, including volunteer services, economic support, food also encourages retired colleagues to explore themselves. With
support for domestic and international performance teams, radio station since 2008, presented a new program in 2023, supplies and the purchase of digital learning equipment the Foundation’s volunteer training programs, the TSMC retired
and promoting quality arts performances in local communities, Yi-Yun Xin on Chinses Fu Verse, focusing on Chinese classical and materials. From 2022, the Foundation focused on rural colleagues can contribute their experience and knowledge to
thereby lifting the public’s spirits, promoting good and beauty Fu verse and sharing the beauty of classic literature with the students’ employability. In 2023, the Foundation worked society, thus better managing their next stage of life.
in society. audience 1.62 million person-times tuned in to listen to the with six city governments to organize job fairs for senior high
two programs: Stories of Peking Opera and Yi-Yun Xin on and vocational high school students, with career exploration ● P rotecting the Environment
In 2023, the TSMC Hsinchu Arts Festival reached its twentieth Chinese Classical Fu Verse. and job placement designed as the main highlights. The aim The Foundation helped disadvantaged social welfare institutes
anniversary and invited domestic and international artists was to focus resources on these two issues to help students to increase the use of green energy and save power, while also
to participate so they could give their talents full play to As a way to enrich university campuses with arts and culture, identify certain targets early on and discover even more diverse continuing to implement the Cherish Food program to reduce
this year’s theme, Ode to Youth. Among the performances, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation organizes the career options, which eventually benefited more than 12,000 resource waste. The Green Energy for the Disadvantaged
Youthful Whispering, a piece of a dance theater, was annual TSMC Lectures series at the end of each year. The participants. In helping rural students obtain the skills to work project was launched in 2021, and by 2023 the Foundation
choreographed by a youth-run theater company from lectures series invites renowned scholars in the humanities locally, four enterprises, IKEA, LDC Hotels & Resorts Group, had installed solar panels at seven social welfare institutes,
Hsinchu Plan B Theatre. Fifteen rising stars, selected from to introduce the public and college students to the richness Howard Resort Xitou Hotel, and Panasonic Taiwan Co., Ltd., which can supplement these institutes’ operating expenses by
roughly 100 who auditioned, were trained intensively over of literature, history and philosophy. In 2023, the series joined in 2023 to give training to seven senior vocational selling green energy. The LED Lighting Replacement program
the course of four months. The performers’ youthful vivacity specifically invited Yu-Shan Wu, academician at and founder high schools and extended job offers to 68 students. The helped 240 schools to reduce electricity costs by at least 30%
and physical rhythm exhibited explosive theatrical energy of Institute of Political Science at Academia Sinica, to discuss Foundation also spread the acknowledgement of vocational with energy-saving lights. In the Cherish Food program, the
at their performance at the Moat Park in Hsinchu city and Russia-Ukraine War. By analyzing the historical roots and education by organizing a junior high school vocational expo Foundation continued to work with many food companies to
received loud applause and shouts of Bravo! from the 3,000 the power dynamics between large and small countries, and parent-child career workshops, as well as collaborating donate out-of-spec foods to 150 disadvantaged social welfare
person-times strong audience from the local community. academician Wu offered a systematic analysis of this with 104 JOB BANK to promote the Road to Employment institutes in order to provide children with after-school snacks,
As part of the effort to promote exquisite performances, international war and what can be learned from it. Nearly a Program, inviting 104 professionals to appear on film and thereby reducing food waste. Current collaborators include
there were two other programs: the xiangsheng (traditional thousand community members attended the lectures. share their career stories. A dedicated website was also built to Chi Mei Frozen Food Co., Ltd., Hunya Food Co., Ltd., Laurel
Chinese comic dialogues) Qu, Blooming into 30-Year Brilliance, showcase these stories, encouraging students to use them as a Corporation, Lian-Hwa Foods Corp., Hsin Tung Yang Co., Ltd.,
performed by both second and third generation xiangsheng 7.4 TSMC Charity Foundation reference in choosing their career paths. and Lao Xie Zhen Co., Ltd.
artists. The fact that the piece is taught hands-on to the third
Established in 2017 and led by its chairperson Sophie Chang,
generation of young xiangsheng artists such as Ming-Han The Foundation assisted 31,133 students from rural areas in 7.5 TSMC i-Charity
the TSMC Charity Foundation (the Foundation) focuses on
Song and Yin-Xie Wu by the second generation xiangsheng 2023. TSMC volunteers used their professional knowledge
empowering communities in rural and suburban areas in three The TSMC i-Charity platform, launched in 2014, is an
artists such as De-Gang Zhu, Guang-Yao Fan, and Yi-Jun to develop science popularization AI lesson plans with ideas
ways: education empowerment, taking care of the elderly, and interactive intranet site that employees use to propose charity
Ye at the 30-year-old Taipei Qu Company is particularly generated by ChatGPT, which were later modularized and
protecting the environment. Internally, the Foundation calls projects, share project results, provide suggestions and
meaningful as the process embodies the act of passing on promoted to 35 science education activities by the Foundation,
on TSMC volunteers’ onsite/online services to address social responses, and conduct timely funding of activities to give back
tradition. The popular Berliner Barock Solisten, founded by benefiting a total of 1,093 children.
inequalities and leverages its industrial network advantages to to society.
leading members of the Berliner Philharmoniker, together with
strengthen cooperation with local governments, enterprises
Yu-Chien Tseng, the prize-winning violinist of the international The Foundation’s Sending Love platform initiative visited and
and universities externally. Both the Foundation and the TSMC In 2023, a total of 62,351 people donated more than
Tchaikovsky Competition, brought to the audience world-class screened disadvantaged individuals in need of financial support
volunteers were committed to providing educational, medical NT$71.68 million to support programs such as Lighting Up
performances of classical music. The 2023 TSMC Hsinchu Arts and also provided financial assistance and daily necessities
and social welfare resources to children in rural schools or the Rural Learning Dream, Delivery of Fruit and Vegetables
Festival organized 47 exquisite performances and exhibitions made possible by internal and external donations from TSMC
disadvantaged educational institutions, as well as to their from Sheltered Farms, and four regular fundraising projects in
throughout, attended by over 52,000 person-times community to improve the living conditions of highly vulnerable and
families who were in urgent need of financial support, to help helping baseball sports and academic education in rural areas
members. disadvantaged families. As of 2023, the Foundation had
cultivate long-term career capabilities and improve their quality and other fundraising projects.
supported a total of 295 families.
of life independently. The Foundation continued to operate
In addition to fine performances and exhibitions, the
the Sending Love platform to strengthen the cooperation The TSMC i-Charity platform has accumulated more than
Foundation also funds radio programs, helping the public ● Taking Care of the Elderly
among enterprises, local governments and universities so as to NT$343 million in donations since its inception in 2014. TSMC
appreciate the beauty of theater and literature. The Stories The Foundation collaborates with Network of Compassion
strengthen local services and jointly uplift society. continues to carry out its social commitments and encourages
of Peking Opera radio program on Sound of IC radio station, partners to enhance the health and welfare of solitary elders
its employees to care for and give back to society in various
co-hosted by An-Qi Wang the artistic director of GuoGuang by connecting them with social welfare groups and medical
ways.
172 173

--- Page 89 ---

7.6 S ustainability Development Implementation Status as Required by Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Implementation Status Non-
Commission Assessment Item implementation
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s)
Implementation Status Non- 4. Social Topic None
Assessment Item implementation (1) D oes the Company set policies and procedures in compliance with V (1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s) regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles? regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 112-113
1. Does the Company have a governance structure for sustainability V For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please None of this Annual Report.
development and a dedicated (or ad-hoc) sustainable development refer to“7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
organization with Board of Directors authorization for senior management, 152-156 of this Annual Report. (2) H as the Company established appropriately managed employee welfare V (2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
which is reviewed by the Board of Directors? measures (include salary and compensation, leave and others), and link compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of operational performance or achievements with employee salary and subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation”, “5.6.2
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization compensation? Diversity and Inclusion”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”, and “5.6.7 Employee
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Benefit System Superior to Statute” on page 115-116, 113, 114, 116-117
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual Report. of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s For the information on how the Company’s operational performance or
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and achievements are reflected in the policy and implementation of employee
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual Report. salary and compensation, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
Compensation” on page 115-116 of this Annual Report.
2. Does the Company follow materiality principle to conduct risk assessment for V For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, None
environmental, social and corporate governance topics related to company Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual (3) D oes the Company provide employees with a safe and healthy working V (3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
operation, and establish risk management related policy or strategy? Report. environment, with regular safety and health training? and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page166-169 of this Annual
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of Report.
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152- For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
156 of this Annual Report. “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page166-169 of this Annual Report.
3. Environmental Topic None
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
(1) H as the Company set an environmental management system designed to V (1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
industry characteristics? on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
(ESH) Management” on page 156-169 and “6.3.3 Operational Risks – Risks
page166-169 of this Annual Report.
Regarding Non-Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate
Change Related Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely
The number of fire incidents and the number of casualties in the given year,
Obtain Requisite Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page
and the ratio of the number of casualties to the total number of employees,
145-146 of this Annual Report.
and improvement measures related to fire incidents: In 2023 and as of
the date of this Annual Report, there were two fire incidents in the new
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
construction site of TSMC and its subsidiary, which did not result in any
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
injuries or deaths. The improvement measures at construction sites include
156-169 of this Annual Report.
(1) strengthening fire operation and personnel control measures, (2) adding
mobile water mist fire extinguishing equipment, and (3) conducting annual
(2) I s the Company committed to improving resource efficiency and to the V (2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
fire emergency response and notification drills.
use of renewable materials with low environmental impact? renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
(4) H as the Company established effective career development training V (4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
Recycling” on page 158-159, 161-162 of this Annual Report.
plans? plans, please refer to “5.6.5 Talent Development” on page 114-115 of this
Annual Report.
(3) D oes the Company evaluate current and future climate change potential V (3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
risks and opportunities and take measures related to climate related and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
(5) D oes the Company’s product and service comply with related regulations V (5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
topics? please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
and international rules for customers’ health and safety, privacy, sales,
Energy Management” on page 158-159 of this Annual Report.
labelling and set policies to protect consumers’ or customers’ rights and For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
consumer appeal procedures? Customers” on page 110 of this Annual Report.
(4) D oes the Company collect data for greenhouse gas emissions, water V (4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
usage and waste quantity in recent two years, and set greenhouse greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in recent two
(6) D oes the Company set supplier management policy and request suppliers V (6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
gas emissions reduction, water usage reduction and other waste years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
to comply with related standards on the topics of environmental, norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
management policies? Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
occupational safety and health or labor right, and their implementation occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
status? Supplier Management” on page 169 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and
Recycling” on page 158-159, 159-160, 160-161, 161-162, “7.7 Climate-
Specific Actions” on page 112-113 of this Annual Report.
related Information of Listed Companies – TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent
Two Years” on page 176 of this Annual Report.
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions,
Supplier Management” on page 169 of this Annual Report.
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental
Protection” on page 158-163 of this Annual Report. 5. Does the Company refer to international reporting rules or guidelines to V For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing None
publish Sustainability Report to disclose non-financial information of the non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please Company? Has the said Report acquire third party verification or statement Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy of assurance? this Annual Report.
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Recycling” on page 158-159, 159-160, 160-161, 161-162 of this Annual Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of
Report. this Annual Report.
(Continued) 6. If the Company has established its sustainable development code of practice according to “Listed Companies Sustainable Development Code of Practice,” please describe the operational status and differences.
TSMC follows the ESG Policy set by the Chairman, Dr. Mark Liu, to promote the Company’s sustainable development through concrete practices. For sustainable development operational status, please refer to
“7. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)” on page 150-176 of this Annual Report and environmental social governance related information on the Company’s website: https://esg.tsmc.com/en-US
7. Other important information to facilitate better understanding of the Company’s implementation of sustainable development:
Please refer to TSMC’s website for its sustainable development implementation status: https://esg.tsmc.com/en-US
174 175

[TABLE START]

Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V
V
V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 112-113
of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation”, “5.6.2
Diversity and Inclusion”, “5.6.3 Workforce Structure”, and “5.6.7 Employee
Benefit System Superior to Statute” on page 115-116, 113, 114, 116-117
of this Annual Report.
For the information on how the Company’s operational performance or
achievements are reflected in the policy and implementation of employee
salary and compensation, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall
Compensation” on page 115-116 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page166-169 of this Annual
Report.
For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
“7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page166-169 of this Annual Report.
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
page166-169 of this Annual Report.
The number of fire incidents and the number of casualties in the given year,
and the ratio of the number of casualties to the total number of employees,
and improvement measures related to fire incidents: In 2023 and as of
the date of this Annual Report, there were two fire incidents in the new
construction site of TSMC and its subsidiary, which did not result in any
injuries or deaths. The improvement measures at construction sites include
(1) strengthening fire operation and personnel control measures, (2) adding
mobile water mist fire extinguishing equipment, and (3) conducting annual
fire emergency response and notification drills.
(4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
plans, please refer to “5.6.5 Talent Development” on page 114-115 of this
Annual Report.
(5) N ot applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Customers” on page 110 of this Annual Report.
(6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 169 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and
Specific Actions” on page 112-113 of this Annual Report.
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 169 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing
non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of
this Annual Report.
For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of
this Annual Report.	
Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V		For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please
refer to“7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
152-156 of this Annual Report.
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-156 of this Annual
Report.
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 152-
156 of this Annual Report.	
	V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
(ESH) Management” on page 156-169 and “6.3.3 Operational Risks – Risks
Regarding Non-Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate
Change Related Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely
Obtain Requisite Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page
145-146 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
156-169 of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 158-159, 161-162 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management” on page 158-159 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in recent two
years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 158-159, 159-160, 160-161, 161-162, “7.7 Climate-
related Information of Listed Companies – TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent
Two Years” on page 176 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions,
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental
Protection” on page 158-163 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 158-159, 159-160, 160-161, 161-162 of this Annual
Report.	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 90 ---

7.7 Climate-related Information of Listed Companies
Items Execution Status
1. Description on the Board and Management’s oversight and governance on climate- ●ESG Steering Committee: TSMC’s top organization in climate change management. Chaired by the Chairman of TSMC
related risks and opportunities with the chairperson of the ESG Committee serving as executive secretary. The Committee reviews TSMC’s climate
change strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors
●Energy Saving and Carbon Reduction Committee: The Company’s management organization for taking action
on climate change risk and opportunity. It is chaired by the Vice President of Fab Operations. Every quarter, this
Committee formulates management plans, reviews implementation status, and discusses future plans
2. Description on how the identified climate risks and opportunities impact the TSMC holds the Climate Change Risk and Opportunity Workshop once every two years to identify and update climate
company’s business, strategies, and finance (short, mid, longterm) risks and opportunities based on the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
(TCFD) framework. Please refer to the “Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities”
table for details on page 158-159 of this Annual Report.
3. Description on the impact extreme climate events and transitional actions have on Please refer to the “Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities” table for details on
finance page 158-159 of this Annual Report.
4. Description on how the climate risk identification, assessment, and management Please refer to the Risk Management in “Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities” table
process is integrated in the overall risk management system for details on page 158 of this Annual Report.
5. Should scenario analysis is used to assess the Company’s resilience in face of climate TSMC selected high-emission scenarios (SSP5-8.5) from IPCC AR6 to analyze physical risks and assess the potential
change risks, explanations on the scenario, parameters, hypothesis, analysis factors short, mid and long-term risks in TSMC facilities and supply chains. In addition to the existing flood, drought, and heat
and major financial impacts should be provided risks, the Company further evaluated risks such as wind disasters from typhoons, landslide disasters, and rising ocean
levels. Meanwhile, TSMC increased its scope to cover all facilities around the world as well as five critical supply chains
- direct raw materials, indirect raw materials, equipment, fab facilities, and parts and components. Analysis of physical
risks shows that the risks of droughts are the most significant physical risks, which cause the impact to self-operation
resulting financial loss and revenue decrease due to water shortage.
6. Should there be transitional programs in response to managing climate-related risks, TSMC actively implements greenhouse gas reduction measures in accordance with the 2050 Net Zero Transition
please explain the program’s content and metrics and targets used to identify and Plan, in order to achieve the RE100 target by 2040 and net-zero emissions by 2050. Throughout the process, TSMC
manage physical and transitional risks will continue to introduce the best energy-saving and carbon-reducing technologies to reduce emissions, and will
continuously expand the use of renewable energy until reaching the RE100 goal. Ultimately, TSMC plans to achieve the
net-zero transition target by partially offsetting emissions with carbon credits.
7. Should the internal carbon pricing is used as the planning tool, the pricing Internal carbon prices include carbon tax (fee), regulatory fines, carbon reduction and renewable energy cost, carbon
mechanism should be explained market price.
8. Should climate-related targets are in place, information such as their scope of action, 1. Reduce unit GHG emissions by 30% compared to the base year (metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent
GHG emissions, planned timeline, and yearly achieved progress should be stated; for (MTCO2e)/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layer), and restore GHG emissions to the 2020 level in 2030, net zero
targets achieved through carbon offset and RECs, the source of offset amount and emissions in 2050.
number of RECs should be stated 2. 60% renewable energy company-wide in 2030, 100% renewable energy company-wide in 2040.
2023 achievements: unit GHG emissions (metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-inch equivalent wafer
mask layer) increased by 31%; used 2,590 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the proportion of renewable
energy use to 11.2%.
9. GHG inventory and assurance status, and reduction goals, strategies and specific Please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy Management” on page 158-159
action plans of this Annual Report , “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management” on page 159-160 of this Annual Report and the “TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years” table on
page 176 of this Annual Report.
TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years
Scope 1 Scope 2
Verification Verification Verification
Year Scope Total Emissions Intensity (Metric Total Emissions Intensity (Metric
Party Guideline Statement
(Metric Ton Ton CO2e / M (Metric Ton Ton CO2e / M
CO2e) NTD) CO2e) NTD)
2023 Parent Company 1,307,966 0.61 10,150,252 4.71 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
VisEra Technologies Company 4,399 0.61 37,135 5.13 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Ltd.
TSMC China Company 161,698 6.34 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Limited
TSMC Nanjing Company 45,118 0.74 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Limited
TSMC Washington, LLC 76,851 9.28 0 0 AWN ISO 14064-3 Limited Assurance
2022 Parent Company 1,669,738 0.75 9,540,171 4.24 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
VisEra Technologies Company 5,845 0.64 29,683 3.27 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Ltd.
TSMC China Company 187,181 6.6 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Limited
TSMC Nanjing Company 46,209 1.09 0 0 DNV ISO 14064-3 Reasonable Assurance
Limited
TSMC Washington, LLC 109,784 10.65 0 0 AWN ISO 14064-3 Limited Assurance
Note 1: GHG includes CO2, CH4, N2O, HCFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3
Note 2: S cope 1: Direct emissions, i.e. sources owned or controlled by the Company; according to the 2019 Refinement to the Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gases Inventories of the United Nations; and use the
Global Warming Potential (GWP) referring to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) AR5 for calculation.
Scope 2: Indirect emissions, i.e. those arising from externally purchased electricity, heat or steam. The calculation is according to market-based method.
176 177

[TABLE START]

							: TSMC’s top organization in climate change management. Chaired by the Chairman of TSMC								
Items					Execution Status										
			rsight and governance on climate-		●ESG Steering Committee
with the chairperson of
change strategies and g
●Energy Saving and Carb
on climate change risk a
Committee formulates										
							the ESG Committee servi
oals every quarter and re
on Reduction Committee
nd opportunity. It is chai
management plans, revie	ng as executive secretary. The Committee reviews TSMC’s climate
ports to the Board of Directors
: The Company’s management organization for taking action
red by the Vice President of Fab Operations. Every quarter, this
ws implementation status, and discusses future plans
nity Workshop once every two years to identify and update climate							
			d opportunities impact the
t, mid, longterm)		TSMC holds the Climate
risks and opportunities b
(TCFD) framework. Please
table for details on page		Change Risk and Opportu								
							ased on the Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
refer to the “Financial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities”
158-159 of this Annual Report.
cial Impact Analysis and Response of Climate Risks and Opportunities” table for details on
nual Report.
anagement in “Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities” table
f this Annual Report.								
			and transitional actions have on		Please refer to the “Finan
page 158-159 of this An										
			assessment, and management
nt system		Please refer to the Risk M
for details on page 158 o										
								from IPCC AR6 to analyze physical risks and assess the potential
nd supply chains. In addition to the existing flood, drought, and heat
wind disasters from typhoons, landslide disasters, and rising ocean
ver all facilities around the world as well as five critical supply chains
pment, fab facilities, and parts and components. Analysis of physical
t significant physical risks, which cause the impact to self-operation							
			pany’s resilience in face of climate
eters, hypothesis, analysis factors		TSMC selected high-emis
short, mid and long-term
risks, the Company furth
levels. Meanwhile, TSMC
- direct raw materials, in
risks shows that the risks
resulting financial loss an		sion scenarios (SSP5-8.5)
risks in TSMC facilities a
er evaluated risks such as
increased its scope to co
direct raw materials, equi
of droughts are the mos								
							d revenue decrease due to water shortage.
s greenhouse gas reduction measures in accordance with the 2050 Net Zero Transition
the RE100 target by 2040 and net-zero emissions by 2050. Throughout the process, TSMC
e the best energy-saving and carbon-reducing technologies to reduce emissions, and will
use of renewable energy until reaching the RE100 goal. Ultimately, TSMC plans to achieve the
by partially offsetting emissions with carbon credits.
lude carbon tax (fee), regulatory fines, carbon reduction and renewable energy cost, carbon								
			to managing climate-related risks,
and targets used to identify and		TSMC actively implement
Plan, in order to achieve
will continue to introduc
continuously expand the
net-zero transition target										
			planning tool, the pricing		Internal carbon prices inc
market price.										
								to the base year (metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent
, and restore GHG emissions to the 2020 level in 2030, net zero
100% renewable energy company-wide in 2040.
on of carbon dioxide equivalent (MTCO2e)/12-inch equivalent wafer							
			ation such as their scope of action,
eved progress should be stated; for
the source of offset amount and		1. Reduce unit GHG emis
(MTCO2e)/12-inch equ
emissions in 2050.
2. 60% renewable energ
2023 achievements: unit
mask layer) increased by
energy use to 11.2%.		sions by 30% compared
ivalent wafer mask layer)
y company-wide in 2030,
GHG emissions (metric t								
							31%; used 2,590 GWh in renewable energy, and increased the proportion of renewable
ironmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy Management” on page 158-159
7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
59-160 of this Annual Report and the “TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years” table on
Report.								
			on goals, strategies and specific		Please refer to “7.2.1 Env
of this Annual Report , “
Management” on page 1
page 176 of this Annual										
			t Two Years												
							pe 2
Verification Verification Verification
Intensity (Metric								
Year	Scope		Scope 1			Sco	pe 2	Verification	Verification	Verification					
		Tot	al Emissions
(Metric Ton
CO2e)	Intensity (Metric
Ton CO2e / M
NTD)		Total Emissions
(Metric Ton
CO2e)	Intensity (Metric								
							Ton CO2e / M
NTD)	Party	Guideline	Statement					
	Parent Company		1,307,966	0.61		10,150,252	4.71	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	VisEra Technologies Company
Ltd.		4,399	0.61		37,135	5.13	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	TSMC China Company
Limited		161,698	6.34		0									
							0	DNV	ISO 14064-3	Reasonable Assurance
Reasonable Assurance
Limited Assurance
Reasonable Assurance					
	TSMC Nanjing Company
Limited		45,118	0.74		0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	TSMC Washington, LLC		76,851	9.28		0	0	AWN	ISO 14064-3						
	Parent Company		1,669,738	0.75		9,540,171	4.24	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
										Reasonable Assurance
Reasonable Assurance
Reasonable Assurance					
	VisEra Technologies Company
Ltd.		5,845	0.64		29,683	3.27	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	TSMC China Company
Limited		187,181	6.6		0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	TSMC Nanjing Company
Limited		46,209	1.09		0	0	DNV	ISO 14064-3						
	TSMC Washington, LLC		109,784	10.65		0	0	AWN	ISO 14064-3						



		177						


[TABLE END]


--- Page 91 ---

Fab 2
8
Subsidiary
Information &
Other Special
Notes
TSMC inaugurated its Global R&D Center and continued
to expand its investments in Taiwan and around the world
in 2023.
178 179

[TABLE START]

178					Fab 2
8
Subsidiary
Information &
Other Special
Notes
TSMC inaugurated its Global R&D Center and continued
to expand its investments in Taiwan and around the world
in 2023.
179
	178				


[TABLE END]


--- Page 92 ---

8.1 Subsidiaries 8.1.2 Business Scope of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries
8.1.1 TSMC Subsidiaries Chart TSMC and its subsidiaries strive to deliver the best possible foundry services. TSMC Washington, LLC in the United States and TSMC
China provide 8-inch wafer capacity, while TSMC Nanjing provides 12-inch wafer capacity. In addition, TSMC Arizona in the United
As of 12/31/2023 States, Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. in Japan and European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company
TSMC North America
Shareholding: 100% (ESMC) GmbH are currently scheduled to provide 12-inch wafer capacity by year end 2025, 2024 and 2027, respectively. TSMC’s
subsidiaries in North America, Europe, Japan, China, South Korea and other regions are dedicated to providing timely services and
TSMC Europe B.V. engineering support to customers worldwide and also support the Company’s core foundry business with related services as well as
Shareholding: 100%
investing in start-up companies in the semiconductor industry.
TSMC Japan Limited
Shareholding: 100% 8.1.3 TSMC Subsidiaries
Unit: NT$ (USD, EUR, JPY, KRW, RMB, CAD) thousands As of 12/31/2023
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc.
Shareholding: 100% Company Date of Place of Registration Capital Stock Business Activities
Incorporation
TSMC North America Jan. 18, 1988 San Jose, California, U.S. US$ 11,000 Sales and marketing of integrated circuits and
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. semiconductor devices
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Europe B.V. Mar. 04, 1994 Amsterdam, The Netherlands EUR 100 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Japan Limited Sep. 10, 1997 Yokohama, Japan JPY 300,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Korea Limited TSMC Development, Inc. TSMC Washington, LLC
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC Korea Limited May 02, 2006 Seoul, Korea KRW 400,000 Customer service and supporting activities
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Jan. 10, 2020 Yokohama, Japan JPY 750,000 Engineering support activities
TSMC Partners, Ltd. TSMC Technology, Inc.
Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Mar. 29, 2021 Yokohama, Japan JPY 2,450,000 Engineering support activities
TSMC China Company Limited Aug. 04, 2003 Shanghai, China RMB 4,502,080 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Taiwan
of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
Semiconductor TSMC Global Ltd. TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc.
Manufacturing Shareholding: 100% Shareholding: 100% TSMC Nanjing Company Limited May 16, 2016 Nanjing, China RMB 6,650,119 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Company Limited of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Arizona Corporation Nov. 10, 2020 Arizona, U.S. US$ 11 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
TSMC China Company Limited (Note 1) other semiconductor devices
Shareholding: 100%
Japan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Dec. 10, 2021 Kumamoto, Japan JPY 158,942,400 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Inc. (Note 2) of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited
European Semiconductor Manufacturing Jun. 30, 2023 Dresden, Germany EUR 100 Manufacturing, sales, testing, and computer-aided design
Shareholding: 100% Company (ESMC) GmbH (Note 3) of integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices
TSMC Technology, Inc. Feb. 20, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Engineering support activities
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd.
TSMC Development, Inc. Feb. 16, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0.001 Investing in companies involved in semiconductor
Shareholding: 67%
manufacturing
TSMC Washington, LLC Jun. 03, 1996 Delaware, U.S. US$ 0 Manufacturing, sales, and testing of integrated circuits and
TSMC Arizona Corporation other semiconductor devices
Shareholding: 100%
TSMC Partners, Ltd. Mar. 26, 1998 British Virgin Islands US$ 988,268 Investing in companies involved in the semiconductor
design and manufacturing, and other investment activities
Japan Advanced Semiconductor TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. May 28, 2007 Ontario, Canada CAD 2,434 Engineering support activities
Manufacturing, Inc.
Shareholding: 71% TSMC Global Ltd. Jul. 18, 2006 British Virgin Islands US$ 11,384,000 Investment activities
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. Feb. 27, 2004 Cayman Islands US$ 3,487 Investing in technology start-up companies
European Semiconductor Manufacturing VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Mar. 25, 2006 Cayman Islands US$ 93,998 Investing in technology start-up companies
Company (ESMC) GmbH
Shareholding: 100% Growth Fund Limited May 30, 2007 Cayman Islands US$ 2,295 Investing in technology start-up companies
Emerging Fund, L.P. Jan. 27, 2021 Cayman Islands US$ 55,966 Investing in technology start-up companies
VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P.
VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Dec. 01, 2003 Hsinchu, Taiwan NT$ 3,165,671 Research, design, development, manufacturing, sales,
Shareholding: 98%
packaging and test of color filter
Note 1: T SMC Arizona Corporation completed capital injections in January 2024 and March 2024 with capital stock of US$11.5 thousands post the capital injection.
VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. Growth Fund Limited Note 2: J apan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. completed a capital injection in January 2024 with capital stock of JPY195,506,800 thousands post the capital injection.
Shareholding: 98% Shareholding: 100% Note 3: E uropean Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH completed a capital injection in February 2024 with capital stock of EUR1,000 thousands post the capital injection.
Emerging Fund, L.P.
Shareholding: 99.9%
180 181

[TABLE START]

Company	Date of
Incorporation	Place of Registration	Capital Stock	Business Activities
	Jan. 18, 1988	San Jose, California, U.S.	US$ 11,000	
	Mar. 04, 1994	Amsterdam, The Netherlands	EUR 100	
	Sep. 10, 1997	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 300,000	
	May 02, 2006	Seoul, Korea	KRW 400,000	
	Jan. 10, 2020	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 750,000	
	Mar. 29, 2021	Yokohama, Japan	JPY 2,450,000	
	Aug. 04, 2003	Shanghai, China	RMB 4,502,080	
	May 16, 2016	Nanjing, China	RMB 6,650,119	
	Nov. 10, 2020	Arizona, U.S.	US$ 11
(Note 1)	
	Dec. 10, 2021	Kumamoto, Japan	JPY 158,942,400
(Note 2)	
	Jun. 30, 2023	Dresden, Germany	EUR 100
(Note 3)	
	Feb. 20, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Feb. 16, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0.001	
	Jun. 03, 1996	Delaware, U.S.	US$ 0	
	Mar. 26, 1998	British Virgin Islands	US$ 988,268	
	May 28, 2007	Ontario, Canada	CAD 2,434	
	Jul. 18, 2006	British Virgin Islands	US$ 11,384,000	
	Feb. 27, 2004	Cayman Islands	US$ 3,487	
	Mar. 25, 2006	Cayman Islands	US$ 93,998	
	May 30, 2007	Cayman Islands	US$ 2,295	
	Jan. 27, 2021	Cayman Islands	US$ 55,966	
	Dec. 01, 2003	Hsinchu, Taiwan	NT$ 3,165,671	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 93 ---

8.1.4 Shareholders in Common of TSMC and Its Subsidiaries with Deemed Control and Subordination: None.
Shareholding
Company Title Name
8.1.5 Rosters of Directors, Supervisors, and Presidents of TSMC’s Subsidiaries Shares (Investment Amount) % (Investment
Holding %)
Unit: NT$ (USD), except shareholding As of 12/31/2023 Japan Advanced Semiconductor Representative Director Y.H. Liaw - -
Manufacturing, Inc. Director Diane Kao - -
Shareholding
Director Simon Wang - -
Company Title Name Director/President Yuichi Horita - -
% (Investment
Shares (Investment Amount) Director Yasuhiro Kono - -
Holding %)
Supervisor Morris Cheng - -
TSMC North America Director Sylvia Fang - - TSMC holds 2,269,291 shares (Note 3) 71.39% (Note 3)
Director David Keller - - European Semiconductor Manufacturing Managing Director Kenneth Lee - -
President/CEO David Keller - - Company (ESMC) GmbH (Note 4) Managing Director Gunnar Thomas - -
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares 100% TSMC holds 100,000 shares (Note 5) 100% (Note 5)
TSMC Europe B.V. Director Wendell Huang - - TSMC Technology, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
Director Paul de Bot - - Director Cliff Hou - -
President Maria Marced (Note 1) - - President Cliff Hou - -
TSMC holds 200 shares 100% TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
TSMC Japan Limited Representative Director Makoto Onodera - - TSMC Development, Inc. Chairman Wendell Huang - -
Director Sylvia Fang - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
President Makoto Onodera - - President Wendell Huang - -
TSMC holds 6,000 shares 100% TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares 100%
TSMC Korea Limited Representative Director Wei-Li Chen - - TSMC Washington, LLC (Note 6) Director Y.H. Liaw - -
Director Ray Wan - - Director Wendell Huang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - President Julian Lee - -
TSMC holds 80,000 shares 100% TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares 100%
TSMC Design Technology Japan, Inc. Representative Director Cliff Hou - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - President Wendell Huang - -
TSMC holds 15,000 shares 100% TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares 100%
TSMC Japan 3DIC R&D Center, Inc. Representative Director Jun He - - TSMC Design Technology Canada Inc. Director Cliff Hou - -
Director Diane Kao - - Director Cormac Michael O’Connell - -
Supervisor Morris Cheng - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
TSMC holds 49,000 shares 100% President Cliff Hou - -
TSMC China Company Limited Chairman F.C. Tseng - - TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares 100%
Director Y.P. Chyn - - TSMC Global Ltd. Director Wendell Huang - -
Director Roger Luo - - Director Sylvia Fang - -
Supervisor Lora Ho - - TSMC holds 11,384 shares 100%
President Roger Luo - -
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000) (100%) VentureTech Alliance Fund II, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$3,417,545) (98.00%)
TSMC Nanjing Company Limited Chairman Lora Ho - - VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$92,118,263) (98.00%)
Director Y.P. Chyn - -
Director Cliff Hou - - Growth Fund Limited None None (VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests (100%)
Director Roger Luo - - US$2,295,455)
Supervisor Wendell Huang - -
Supervisor Sylvia Fang - - Emerging Fund, L.P. None None (TSMC invests US$55,909,937) (99.90%)
President Roger Luo - -
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000) (100%) VisEra Technologies Company Ltd. Chairman Robert Kuan 214,500 shares 0.07%
Director George Liu - -
TSMC Arizona Corporation Chairman Rick Cassidy - - Director Diane Kao - -
Director Cliff Hou - - Independent Director Laura Huang - -
Director Y.L. Wang - - Independent Director Emma Chang - -
Director Sylvia Fang - - Independent Director P.H. Chang - -
Director Wendell Huang - - Independent Director Han-Fei Lin - -
CEO Y.L. Wang - - CEO/President Robert Kuan - -
President Brian Harrison - - TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares 67.48% (Note 7)
TSMC holds 10,500,000 shares (Note 2) 100%
Note 1: Effective January 24, 2024, Mr. Paul de Bot was appointed as President of TSMC Europe B.V., in addition to his current position as Director of the company.
(Continued) Note 2: T SMC Arizona Corporation completed capital injections in January 2024 and March 2024. After the capital injection, TSMC holds 11,500,000 shares and 100% of the equity interests in TSMC Arizona
Corporation.
Note 3: J apan Advanced Semiconductor Manufacturing, Inc. (“JASM”) completed a capital injection in January 2024. After the capital injection, TSMC holds 2,790,533 shares and 71.37% of the equity interests in
JASM.
Note 4: E uropean Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH (“ESMC”) was incorporated on June 30, 2023. Effective January 1, 2024, Mr. Jui-Ping Chuang and Dr Christian Koitzsch were appointed as
Managing Directors of ESMC. Effective January 30, 2024, Mr. Arthur Chuang, Mr. Chien-Hsin Lee, Mr. Morris Cheng, and Mr. David Ta-Wey Liu were appointed as ESMC’s Shareholders’ Committee members,
with Mr. Arthur Chuang was appointed as the Chairman of Shareholders’ Committee effective March 19, 2024.
Note 5: I n January 2024, TSMC sold 30% equity interests of European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH (“ESMC”) to Robert Bosch GmbH, Infineon Technologies AG, and NXP Semiconductors
Germany GmbH (a wholly-owned subsidiary of NXP Semiconductors N.V.). In February 2024, ESMC completed a capital injection. After these transactions, TSMC holds 700,000 shares and 70% of the equity
interests in ESMC.
Note 6: Effective December 2023, “WaferTech, LLC” changed its name to “TSMC Washington, LLC”.
Note 7: As of February 2024, TSMC’s ownership of VisEra is 67.44% due to VisEra’s continuous execution of the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
182 183

[TABLE START]

Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Representative Director
Director
Director
Director/President
Director
Supervisor	Y.H. Liaw
Diane Kao
Simon Wang
Yuichi Horita
Yasuhiro Kono
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 2,269,291 shares (Note 3)	
	Managing Director
Managing Director	Kenneth Lee
Gunnar Thomas	-
-
TSMC holds 100,000 shares (Note 5)	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Cliff Hou
Cliff Hou	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Chairman
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 10 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Y.H. Liaw
Wendell Huang
Julian Lee	-
-
-
TSMC Development, Inc. holds 293,636,833 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 988,268,244 shares	
	Director
Director
Director
President	Cliff Hou
Cormac Michael O’Connell
Sylvia Fang
Cliff Hou	-
-
-
-
TSMC Partners, Ltd. holds 2,300,000 shares	
	Director
Director	Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang	-
-
TSMC holds 11,384 shares	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$3,417,545)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$92,118,263)	
	None	None	(VentureTech Alliance Fund III, L.P. invests
US$2,295,455)	
	None	None	(TSMC invests US$55,909,937)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
Independent Director
CEO/President	Robert Kuan
George Liu
Diane Kao
Laura Huang
Emma Chang
P.H. Chang
Han-Fei Lin
Robert Kuan	214,500 shares
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 213,619,000 shares	
Company	Title	Name	Shareholding	
			Shares (Investment Amount)	% (Investment
Holding %)
	Director
Director
President/CEO	Sylvia Fang
David Keller
David Keller	-
-
-
TSMC holds 11,000,000 shares	
	Director
Director
President	Wendell Huang
Paul de Bot
Maria Marced (Note 1)	-
-
-
TSMC holds 200 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
President	Makoto Onodera
Sylvia Fang
Makoto Onodera	-
-
-
TSMC holds 6,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Director	Wei-Li Chen
Ray Wan
Wendell Huang	-
-
-
TSMC holds 80,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	Cliff Hou
Wendell Huang
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 15,000 shares	
	Representative Director
Director
Supervisor	Jun He
Diane Kao
Morris Cheng	-
-
-
TSMC holds 49,000 shares	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Supervisor
President	F.C. Tseng
Y.P. Chyn
Roger Luo
Lora Ho
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$596,000,000)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Supervisor
Supervisor
President	Lora Ho
Y.P. Chyn
Cliff Hou
Roger Luo
Wendell Huang
Sylvia Fang
Roger Luo	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
(TSMC invests US$1,000,000,000)	
	Chairman
Director
Director
Director
Director
CEO
President	Rick Cassidy
Cliff Hou
Y.L. Wang
Sylvia Fang
Wendell Huang
Y.L. Wang
Brian Harrison	-
-
-
-
-
-
-
TSMC holds 10,500,000 shares (Note 2)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 120 ---

are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an
indication that the cash generating unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
allocated to each of the Company’s cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is less
than its carrying amount, the difference is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to such cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the cash generating unit pro rata based
on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash generating unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is
recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent
periods.
Tangible assets, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets (property,
plant and equipment), right-of-use assets and other intangible assets to determine whether there is any
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. When it is not possible
to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are
allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the
estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue
is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales returns and
other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the consideration of
varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.
- 24 -
- 24 -

[TABLE START]

are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an
indication that the cash generating unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is
allocated to each of the Company’s cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected
to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the recoverable amount of a cash-generating unit is less
than its carrying amount, the difference is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill
allocated to such cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the cash generating unit pro rata based
on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash generating unit. Any impairment loss for goodwill is
recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent
periods.
Tangible assets, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets (property,
plant and equipment), right-of-use assets and other intangible assets to determine whether there is any
indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable
amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. When it is not possible
to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the recoverable amount of
the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can
be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual cash-generating units, or otherwise they are
allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis
can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the
estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment
loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable. Revenue
is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales returns and
other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the consideration of
varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities.
- 24 -
- 24 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 121 ---

In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 15-30 days from the
end of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of
goods with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts
without discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which
they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained
earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Treasury Stock
Treasury stock represents the outstanding shares that the Company buys back from market, which is stated at
cost and shown as a deduction in shareholders’ equity. When the Company retires treasury stock, the treasury
stock account is reduced and the common stock as well as the capital surplus - additional paid-in capital are
reversed on a pro rata basis. When the book value of the treasury stock exceeds the sum of the par value and
additional paid-in capital, the difference is charged to capital surplus - treasury stock transactions and to
retained earnings for any remaining amount.
Share-based payment arrangements
a. Equity-settled share-based payment arrangements
Restricted shares for employees are expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on
the fair value at the grant date and the Company’s best estimate of the number expected to ultimately
vest, with a corresponding increase in other equity - unearned employee benefits.
When restricted shares for employees are issued, other equity - unearned employee benefits is recognized
on the grant date, with a corresponding increase in capital surplus - restricted shares for employees.
Dividends paid to employees on restricted shares which do not need to be returned if employees resign
in the vesting period are recognized as expenses upon the dividend declaration with a corresponding
adjustment in retained earnings.
At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of restricted shares
for employees that are expected to vest. The impact from such revision is recognized in profit or loss so
that the cumulative expenses reflect the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to capital
surplus - restricted shares for employees.
- 25 -
- 25 -

[TABLE START]

In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 15-30 days from the
end of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of
goods with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts
without discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in which
they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in retained
earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Treasury Stock
Treasury stock represents the outstanding shares that the Company buys back from market, which is stated at
cost and shown as a deduction in shareholders’ equity. When the Company retires treasury stock, the treasury
stock account is reduced and the common stock as well as the capital surplus - additional paid-in capital are
reversed on a pro rata basis. When the book value of the treasury stock exceeds the sum of the par value and
additional paid-in capital, the difference is charged to capital surplus - treasury stock transactions and to
retained earnings for any remaining amount.
Share-based payment arrangements
a. Equity-settled share-based payment arrangements
Restricted shares for employees are expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on
the fair value at the grant date and the Company’s best estimate of the number expected to ultimately
vest, with a corresponding increase in other equity - unearned employee benefits.
When restricted shares for employees are issued, other equity - unearned employee benefits is recognized
on the grant date, with a corresponding increase in capital surplus - restricted shares for employees.
Dividends paid to employees on restricted shares which do not need to be returned if employees resign
in the vesting period are recognized as expenses upon the dividend declaration with a corresponding
adjustment in retained earnings.
At the end of each reporting period, the Company revises its estimate of the number of restricted shares
for employees that are expected to vest. The impact from such revision is recognized in profit or loss so
that the cumulative expenses reflect the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to capital
surplus - restricted shares for employees.
- 25 -
- 25 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 122 ---

b. Cash-settled share-based payment arrangements
For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognized for the services acquired, measured at the
fair value of the liability incurred. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at
the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value
recognized in profit or loss.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent to
the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and
tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognized
to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits
of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also reviewed
at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in which
the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the
end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
- 26 -
- 26 -

[TABLE START]

b. Cash-settled share-based payment arrangements
For cash-settled share-based payments, a liability is recognized for the services acquired, measured at the
fair value of the liability incurred. At the end of each reporting period until the liability is settled, and at
the date of settlement, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value
recognized in profit or loss.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent to
the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and
tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred
tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognized
to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits
of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also reviewed
at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient taxable
profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in which
the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the
end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognized
in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
- 26 -
- 26 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 123 ---

Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets. Government
grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from incurred
expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Material Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and circumstances
from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered include
contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the underlying asset
to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in circumstances that are
within the control of the Company occurs.
Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
- 27 -
- 27 -

[TABLE START]

Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets. Government
grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from incurred
expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. MATERIAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Material Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and circumstances
from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered include
contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the underlying asset
to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in circumstances that are
within the control of the Company occurs.
Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
- 27 -
- 27 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 124 ---

Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to determine
the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net realizable
value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of future demand
within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected future
revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the deferred tax assets
requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and profitability, tax holidays,
the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any changes in the global
economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could result in significant
adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Cash and deposits in banks $ 1,453,101,566 $ 1,327,884,602
Money market funds 10,898,720 1,406,792
Repurchase agreements 1,346,719 1,133,310
Government bonds/Agency bonds 50,787 2,451,570
Commercial paper 29,961 9,566,430
Corporate bonds - 371,379
$ 1,465,427,753 $ 1,342,814,083
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts of
cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
- 28 -
- 28 -

[TABLE START]

Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to determine
the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net realizable
value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of future demand
within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected future
revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the deferred tax assets
requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and profitability, tax holidays,
the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any changes in the global
economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could result in significant
adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Cash and deposits in banks $ 1,453,101,566 $ 1,327,884,602
Money market funds 10,898,720 1,406,792
Repurchase agreements 1,346,719 1,133,310
Government bonds/Agency bonds 50,787 2,451,570
Commercial paper 29,961 9,566,430
Corporate bonds - 371,379
$ 1,465,427,753 $ 1,342,814,083
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts of
cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
- 28 -
- 28 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 125 ---

7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Convertible preferred stocks $ 13,307,160 $ -
Forward exchange contracts 701,182 947,546
Convertible bonds 223,454 122,852
Mutual funds 110,297 -
$ 14,342,093 $ 1,070,398
Current $ 924,636 $ 1,070,398
Noncurrent 13,417,457 -
$ 14,342,093 $ 1,070,398
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 121,412 $ 116,215
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2023
Sell NT$ January 2024 NT$ 26,251,763
Sell US$ January 2024 to March 2024 US$ 1,112,000
Sell JPY January 2024 JPY 20,000,000
December 31, 2022
Sell NT$ January 2023 to March 2023 NT$ 79,610,590
Sell US$ January 2023 to March 2023 US$ 752,486
Sell RMB January 2023 to March 2023 RMB 1,448,371
- 29 -
- 29 -

[TABLE START]

7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Convertible preferred stocks $ 13,307,160 $ -
Forward exchange contracts 701,182 947,546
Convertible bonds 223,454 122,852
Mutual funds 110,297 -
$ 14,342,093 $ 1,070,398
Current $ 924,636 $ 1,070,398
Noncurrent 13,417,457 -
$ 14,342,093 $ 1,070,398
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 121,412 $ 116,215
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2023
Sell NT$ January 2024 NT$ 26,251,763
Sell US$ January 2024 to March 2024 US$ 1,112,000
Sell JPY January 2024 JPY 20,000,000
December 31, 2022
Sell NT$ January 2023 to March 2023 NT$ 79,610,590
Sell US$ January 2023 to March 2023 US$ 752,486
Sell RMB January 2023 to March 2023 RMB 1,448,371
- 29 -
- 29 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 126 ---

8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 79,605,567 $ 66,116,166
Agency mortgage-backed securities 37,959,691 28,367,926
Government bonds/Agency bonds 22,338,901 18,961,888
Asset-backed securities 9,898,766 9,274,697
149,802,925 122,720,677
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments 7,208,655 6,159,200
Publicly traded stocks 4,727,905 277,866
11,936,560 6,437,066
$ 161,739,485 $ 129,157,743
Current $ 154,530,830 $ 122,998,543
Noncurrent 7,208,655 6,159,200
$ 161,739,485 $ 129,157,743
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All of the dividends are mainly from investments held at the end of the reporting
period.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, as the Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity
investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for NT$271,983 thousand and NT$561,600 thousand,
respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss on financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$151,944
thousand and NT$303,242 thousand were transferred to increase retained earnings, respectively.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$ 47,311
thousand and NT$37,783 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 32 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Corporate bonds $ 113,851,856 $ 81,041,056
Commercial paper 18,387,835 48,742,817
Government bonds/Agency bonds 13,803,559 -
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (82,662) (56,439)
$ 145,960,588 $ 129,727,434
Current $ 66,761,221 $ 94,600,219
Noncurrent 79,199,367 35,127,215
$ 145,960,588 $ 129,727,434
Refer to Note 32 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
- 30 -
- 30 -

[TABLE START]

8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 79,605,567 $ 66,116,166
Agency mortgage-backed securities 37,959,691 28,367,926
Government bonds/Agency bonds 22,338,901 18,961,888
Asset-backed securities 9,898,766 9,274,697
149,802,925 122,720,677
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments 7,208,655 6,159,200
Publicly traded stocks 4,727,905 277,866
11,936,560 6,437,066
$ 161,739,485 $ 129,157,743
Current $ 154,530,830 $ 122,998,543
Noncurrent 7,208,655 6,159,200
$ 161,739,485 $ 129,157,743
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All of the dividends are mainly from investments held at the end of the reporting
period.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, as the Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity
investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for NT$271,983 thousand and NT$561,600 thousand,
respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss on financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$151,944
thousand and NT$303,242 thousand were transferred to increase retained earnings, respectively.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$ 47,311
thousand and NT$37,783 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 32 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Corporate bonds $ 113,851,856 $ 81,041,056
Commercial paper 18,387,835 48,742,817
Government bonds/Agency bonds 13,803,559 -
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (82,662) (56,439)
$ 145,960,588 $ 129,727,434
Current $ 66,761,221 $ 94,600,219
Noncurrent 79,199,367 35,127,215
$ 145,960,588 $ 129,727,434
Refer to Note 32 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
- 30 -
- 30 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 127 ---

10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ - $ 2,329
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 43,764 $ 813
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
Bank loans 27,290,400 -
$ 27,334,164 $ 813
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the value of the interest rate futures contracts and the value of the
hedged financial assets change in opposite directions in response to movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other sources
of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of hedge
ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses, net.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2023
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 48,600 March 2024
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 3,959,523 $ 43,764
- 31 -
- 31 -

[TABLE START]

10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ - $ 2,329
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 43,764 $ 813
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
Bank loans 27,290,400 -
$ 27,334,164 $ 813
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the value of the interest rate futures contracts and the value of the
hedged financial assets change in opposite directions in response to movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other sources
of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of hedge
ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses, net.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2023
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 48,600 March 2024
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 3,959,523 $ 43,764
- 31 -
- 31 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 128 ---

December 31, 2022
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 74,300 March 2023
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,008,179 $ (1,516)
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Calculating Hedge Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury futures $ 20,478 $ 283,995
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI (20,478) (283,995)
$ - $ -
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks or interest rate
risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures or issuance of debts).
The hedge ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%. The
forward contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward contracts and the
value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign exchange
rates or interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward contracts. No other sources of ineffectiveness
emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. For the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, refer to Note 20(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments,
the amount transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items and the amount reclassified to finance costs
of hedged items.
- 32 -
- 32 -

[TABLE START]

December 31, 2022
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 74,300 March 2023
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,008,179 $ (1,516)
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Calculating Hedge Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury futures $ 20,478 $ 283,995
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI (20,478) (283,995)
$ - $ -
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks or interest rate
risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures or issuance of debts).
The hedge ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%. The
forward contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward contracts and the
value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign exchange
rates or interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward contracts. No other sources of ineffectiveness
emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. For the years ended December 31,
2023 and 2022, refer to Note 20(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments,
the amount transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items and the amount reclassified to finance costs
of hedged items.
- 32 -
- 32 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 129 ---

The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts (capital expenditures) $ 39,898 $ -
Forward interest rate contracts (issuance of debts) $ - $ 1,379,119
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ (39,898) $ -
Forecast transaction (issuance of debts) $ - $ (1,379,119)
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
TSMC has designated the bank loans denominated in foreign currency as a hedge of net investments in foreign
operations to manage its foreign currency risk arising from investment in overseas subsidiaries.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the material difference
between the notional amount of bank loans denominated in foreign currency and the net investment in foreign
operations. No other sources of ineffectiveness have emerged from these hedging relationships during the
hedging period. For the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Note 20 (d) for gain or loss arising from
changes in the fair value of hedging instruments.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of net investments in foreign
operations.
December 31, 2023
Balance in
Contract Other Equity
Amount Annual (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Interest Rate Maturity Hedges)
Bank loans JPY124,500,000 0% Due by April $ 618,180
2024
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 is detailed below:
Change in
Value Used for
Calculating
Hedge
Ineffectiveness
Year Ended
December 31,
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items 2023
Hedging Instruments
Bank loans $ 618,180
Hedged Items
Net investments in foreign operations $ (618,180)
- 33 -
- 33 -

[TABLE START]

The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 is detailed below:
Change in Value Used for
Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts (capital expenditures) $ 39,898 $ -
Forward interest rate contracts (issuance of debts) $ - $ 1,379,119
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ (39,898) $ -
Forecast transaction (issuance of debts) $ - $ (1,379,119)
Hedges of net investments in foreign operations
TSMC has designated the bank loans denominated in foreign currency as a hedge of net investments in foreign
operations to manage its foreign currency risk arising from investment in overseas subsidiaries.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the material difference
between the notional amount of bank loans denominated in foreign currency and the net investment in foreign
operations. No other sources of ineffectiveness have emerged from these hedging relationships during the
hedging period. For the year ended December 31, 2023, refer to Note 20 (d) for gain or loss arising from
changes in the fair value of hedging instruments.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of net investments in foreign
operations.
December 31, 2023
Balance in
Contract Other Equity
Amount Annual (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Interest Rate Maturity Hedges)
Bank loans JPY124,500,000 0% Due by April $ 618,180
2024
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2023 is detailed below:
Change in
Value Used for
Calculating
Hedge
Ineffectiveness
Year Ended
December 31,
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items 2023
Hedging Instruments
Bank loans $ 618,180
Hedged Items
Net investments in foreign operations $ (618,180)
- 33 -
- 33 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 130 ---

11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 196,434,151 $ 222,761,927
Less: Loss allowance (531,554) (331,646)
195,902,597 222,430,281
At FVTOCI 5,411,317 7,325,606
$ 201,313,914 $ 229,755,887
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held within
a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 15-30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for credit-impaired
accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit loss ratio of
customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and customers’
financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due over 90 days
without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Not past due $ 183,188,499 $ 205,053,142
Past due
Past due within 30 days 18,641,148 24,516,277
Past due over 31 days 15,821 518,114
Less: Loss allowance (531,554) (331,646)
$ 201,313,914 $ 229,755,887
All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 331,646 $ 347,020
Provision (Reversal) 199,922 (15,449)
Effect of exchange rate changes (14) 75
Balance, end of year $ 531,554 $ 331,646
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
- 34 -
- 34 -

[TABLE START]

11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 196,434,151 $ 222,761,927
Less: Loss allowance (531,554) (331,646)
195,902,597 222,430,281
At FVTOCI 5,411,317 7,325,606
$ 201,313,914 $ 229,755,887
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held within
a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 15-30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for credit-impaired
accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit loss ratio of
customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and customers’
financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due over 90 days
without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Not past due $ 183,188,499 $ 205,053,142
Past due
Past due within 30 days 18,641,148 24,516,277
Past due over 31 days 15,821 518,114
Less: Loss allowance (531,554) (331,646)
$ 201,313,914 $ 229,755,887
All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 331,646 $ 347,020
Provision (Reversal) 199,922 (15,449)
Effect of exchange rate changes (14) 75
Balance, end of year $ 531,554 $ 331,646
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
- 34 -
- 34 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 131 ---

12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Finished goods $ 34,511,032 $ 54,818,402
Work in process 156,498,469 125,661,912
Raw materials 38,818,273 20,389,115
Supplies and spare parts 21,169,314 20,279,719
$ 250,997,088 $ 221,149,148
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue. The amounts are illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Net inventory losses $ 3,494,638 $ 4,689,112
13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2023 2022 2023 2022
Vanguard International Manufacturing, sales, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 13,590,430 $ 13,492,653 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and sales of integrated Singapore 9,728,801 8,934,731 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan 3,759,701 3,528,417 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 2,537,706 1,666,651 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and marketing
of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Technology Co., Ltd. Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan - 19,053 - 28%
(Mutual-Pak) wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and researching,
developing and testing of RFID
$ 29,616,638 $ 27,641,505
Due to the decrease in shareholding to 17%, the Company consequently ceased to have significant influence
over Mutual-Pak. Therefore, the investment in Mutual-Pak was classified as financial assets at FVTOCI
starting November 2023.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the associates’ ownership held by the Company in publicly traded stocks calculated by
the closing price are summarized as follows. The closing price represents the quoted price in active markets,
the level 1 fair value measurement.
- 35 -
- 35 -

[TABLE START]

12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Finished goods $ 34,511,032 $ 54,818,402
Work in process 156,498,469 125,661,912
Raw materials 38,818,273 20,389,115
Supplies and spare parts 21,169,314 20,279,719
$ 250,997,088 $ 221,149,148
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue. The amounts are illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Net inventory losses $ 3,494,638 $ 4,689,112
13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2023 2022 2023 2022
Vanguard International Manufacturing, sales, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 13,590,430 $ 13,492,653 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and sales of integrated Singapore 9,728,801 8,934,731 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan 3,759,701 3,528,417 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 2,537,706 1,666,651 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and marketing
of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Technology Co., Ltd. Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan - 19,053 - 28%
(Mutual-Pak) wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and researching,
developing and testing of RFID
$ 29,616,638 $ 27,641,505
Due to the decrease in shareholding to 17%, the Company consequently ceased to have significant influence
over Mutual-Pak. Therefore, the investment in Mutual-Pak was classified as financial assets at FVTOCI
starting November 2023.
As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the associates’ ownership held by the Company in publicly traded stocks calculated by
the closing price are summarized as follows. The closing price represents the quoted price in active markets,
the level 1 fair value measurement.
- 35 -
- 35 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 132 ---

December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2023 2022
GUC $ 81,236,875 $ 29,926,918
VIS $ 37,834,215 $ 35,977,321
Xintec $ 14,188,445 $ 10,716,449
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Assets used by the Company $ 3,064,424,259 $ 2,693,815,688
Assets subject to operating leases 50,725 21,282
$ 3,064,474,984 $ 2,693,836,970
Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 7,661,817 $ 637,046,949 $ 4,295,942,530 $ 85,028,040 $ 1,336,842,608 $ 6,362,521,944
Additions (deductions) - 182,033,268 1,120,848,716 18,205,541 (423,568,764 ) 897,518,761
Disposals or retirements - (585,487 ) (28,525,908 ) (3,325,297 ) - (32,436,692 )
Transfers from right-of-use assets - - 4,444 - - 4,444
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - - 80,370 - - 80,370
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (71,078 ) - - (71,078 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (39,820 ) (671,755 ) (3,293,426 ) (83,200 ) (4,984,093 ) (9,072,294 )
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 7,621,997 $ 817,822,975 $ 5,384,985,648 $ 99,825,084 $ 908,289,751 $ 7,218,545,455
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 556,161 $ 342,938,359 $ 3,264,880,880 $ 59,540,116 $ 790,740 $ 3,668,706,256
Additions 1,315 45,052,891 463,825,315 10,586,695 - 519,466,216
Disposals or retirements - (582,993 ) (27,407,731 ) (3,324,247 ) - (31,314,971 )
Transfers from right-of-use assets - - 1,851 - - 1,851
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - - 53,537 - - 53,537
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (45,731 ) - - (45,731 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 598 (394,346 ) (2,299,629 ) (52,585 ) - (2,745,962 )
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 558,074 $ 387,013,911 $ 3,699,008,492 $ 66,749,979 $ 790,740 $ 4,154,121,196
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2023 $ 7,063,923 $ 430,809,064 $ 1,685,977,156 $ 33,075,105 $ 907,499,011 $ 3,064,424,259
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Additions 816,366 59,443,801 330,782,690 10,325,337 738,523,914 1,139,892,108
Disposals or retirements - (236,765 ) (25,846,536 ) (1,709,151 ) - (27,792,452 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (65,779 ) - - (65,779 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 357,221 1,242,136 6,322,919 257,684 5,162,961 13,342,921
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 7,661,817 $ 637,046,949 $ 4,295,942,530 $ 85,028,040 $ 1,336,842,608 $ 6,362,521,944
(Continued)
- 36 -
- 36 -

[TABLE START]

December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2023 2022
GUC $ 81,236,875 $ 29,926,918
VIS $ 37,834,215 $ 35,977,321
Xintec $ 14,188,445 $ 10,716,449
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Assets used by the Company $ 3,064,424,259 $ 2,693,815,688
Assets subject to operating leases 50,725 21,282
$ 3,064,474,984 $ 2,693,836,970
Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 7,661,817 $ 637,046,949 $ 4,295,942,530 $ 85,028,040 $ 1,336,842,608 $ 6,362,521,944
Additions (deductions) - 182,033,268 1,120,848,716 18,205,541 (423,568,764 ) 897,518,761
Disposals or retirements - (585,487 ) (28,525,908 ) (3,325,297 ) - (32,436,692 )
Transfers from right-of-use assets - - 4,444 - - 4,444
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - - 80,370 - - 80,370
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (71,078 ) - - (71,078 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (39,820 ) (671,755 ) (3,293,426 ) (83,200 ) (4,984,093 ) (9,072,294 )
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 7,621,997 $ 817,822,975 $ 5,384,985,648 $ 99,825,084 $ 908,289,751 $ 7,218,545,455
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 556,161 $ 342,938,359 $ 3,264,880,880 $ 59,540,116 $ 790,740 $ 3,668,706,256
Additions 1,315 45,052,891 463,825,315 10,586,695 - 519,466,216
Disposals or retirements - (582,993 ) (27,407,731 ) (3,324,247 ) - (31,314,971 )
Transfers from right-of-use assets - - 1,851 - - 1,851
Transfers from assets subject to
operating leases - - 53,537 - - 53,537
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (45,731 ) - - (45,731 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 598 (394,346 ) (2,299,629 ) (52,585 ) - (2,745,962 )
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 558,074 $ 387,013,911 $ 3,699,008,492 $ 66,749,979 $ 790,740 $ 4,154,121,196
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2023 $ 7,063,923 $ 430,809,064 $ 1,685,977,156 $ 33,075,105 $ 907,499,011 $ 3,064,424,259
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Additions 816,366 59,443,801 330,782,690 10,325,337 738,523,914 1,139,892,108
Disposals or retirements - (236,765 ) (25,846,536 ) (1,709,151 ) - (27,792,452 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (65,779 ) - - (65,779 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 357,221 1,242,136 6,322,919 257,684 5,162,961 13,342,921
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 7,661,817 $ 637,046,949 $ 4,295,942,530 $ 85,028,040 $ 1,336,842,608 $ 6,362,521,944
(Continued)
- 36 -
- 36 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 133 ---

Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Additions 1,402 35,982,373 380,216,160 9,216,278 - 425,416,213
Disposals or retirements - (225,637 ) (24,706,719 ) (1,708,639 ) - (26,640,995 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (40,266 ) - - (40,266 )
Impairment - - - - 790,740 790,740
Effect of exchange rate changes 54,933 1,016,381 5,872,264 205,814 - 7,149,392
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 556,161 $ 342,938,359 $ 3,264,880,880 $ 59,540,116 $ 790,740 $ 3,668,706,256
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2022 $ 7,105,656 $ 294,108,590 $ 1,031,061,650 $ 25,487,924 $ 1,336,051,868 $ 2,693,815,688
(Concluded)
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of 20
years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recognized an impairment loss of NT$790,740 thousand for certain
machinery and equipment that were assessed to have no future use, and the recoverable amount of the
aforementioned assets were nil. Such impairment loss was recognized in other operating income and
expenses.
Information about capitalized interest is set out in Note 23.
15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Carrying amounts
Land $ 37,437,179 $ 38,525,856
Buildings 2,946,008 3,356,700
Machinery and equipment - 2,965
Office equipment 41,643 28,615
$ 40,424,830 $ 41,914,136
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 2,145,431 $ 12,610,664
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 2,459,068 $ 2,119,828
Buildings 976,097 928,726
Machinery and equipment 369 863
Office equipment 23,434 23,588
$ 3,458,968 $ 3,073,005
- 37 -
- 37 -

[TABLE START]

Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Additions 1,402 35,982,373 380,216,160 9,216,278 - 425,416,213
Disposals or retirements - (225,637 ) (24,706,719 ) (1,708,639 ) - (26,640,995 )
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (40,266 ) - - (40,266 )
Impairment - - - - 790,740 790,740
Effect of exchange rate changes 54,933 1,016,381 5,872,264 205,814 - 7,149,392
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 556,161 $ 342,938,359 $ 3,264,880,880 $ 59,540,116 $ 790,740 $ 3,668,706,256
Carrying amounts at December 31,
2022 $ 7,105,656 $ 294,108,590 $ 1,031,061,650 $ 25,487,924 $ 1,336,051,868 $ 2,693,815,688
(Concluded)
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of 20
years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2022, the Company recognized an impairment loss of NT$790,740 thousand for certain
machinery and equipment that were assessed to have no future use, and the recoverable amount of the
aforementioned assets were nil. Such impairment loss was recognized in other operating income and
expenses.
Information about capitalized interest is set out in Note 23.
15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Carrying amounts
Land $ 37,437,179 $ 38,525,856
Buildings 2,946,008 3,356,700
Machinery and equipment - 2,965
Office equipment 41,643 28,615
$ 40,424,830 $ 41,914,136
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 2,145,431 $ 12,610,664
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 2,459,068 $ 2,119,828
Buildings 976,097 928,726
Machinery and equipment 369 863
Office equipment 23,434 23,588
$ 3,458,968 $ 3,073,005
- 37 -
- 37 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 134 ---

b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 2,810,551 $ 2,603,504
Noncurrent portion 28,681,835 29,764,097
$ 31,492,386 $ 32,367,601
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Land 0.39%-2.30% 0.39%-2.30%
Buildings 0.57%-6.52% 0.39%-5.63%
Machinery and equipment - 0.71%
Office equipment 0.28%-7.13% 0.28%-4.71%
c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
d. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 1,215,147 $ 4,731,087
Total cash outflow for leases $ 4,916,886 $ 7,618,290
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 5,791,821 $ 25,759,019 $ 48,675,794 $ 11,701,892 $ 91,928,526
Additions - 461,089 4,947,364 621,312 6,029,765
Disposals or retirements - - (4,289,185 ) - (4,289,185 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 4,617 1,243 (16,942 ) 24,230 13,148
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 5,796,438 $ 26,221,351 $ 49,317,031 $ 12,347,434 $ 93,682,254
(Continued)
- 38 -
- 38 -

[TABLE START]

b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 2,810,551 $ 2,603,504
Noncurrent portion 28,681,835 29,764,097
$ 31,492,386 $ 32,367,601
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Land 0.39%-2.30% 0.39%-2.30%
Buildings 0.57%-6.52% 0.39%-5.63%
Machinery and equipment - 0.71%
Office equipment 0.28%-7.13% 0.28%-4.71%
c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
d. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 1,215,147 $ 4,731,087
Total cash outflow for leases $ 4,916,886 $ 7,618,290
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ 5,791,821 $ 25,759,019 $ 48,675,794 $ 11,701,892 $ 91,928,526
Additions - 461,089 4,947,364 621,312 6,029,765
Disposals or retirements - - (4,289,185 ) - (4,289,185 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 4,617 1,243 (16,942 ) 24,230 13,148
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 5,796,438 $ 26,221,351 $ 49,317,031 $ 12,347,434 $ 93,682,254
(Continued)
- 38 -
- 38 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 135 ---

Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ - $ 17,696,437 $ 38,838,394 $ 9,394,540 $ 65,929,371
Additions - 2,792,353 5,308,109 1,157,788 9,258,250
Disposals or retirements - - (4,289,152 ) - (4,289,152 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 1,280 (10,680 ) 26,441 17,041
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ - $ 20,490,070 $ 39,846,671 $ 10,578,769 $ 70,915,510
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2023 $ 5,796,438 $ 5,731,281 $ 9,470,360 $ 1,768,665 $ 22,766,744
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Additions - 2,253,095 5,078,967 203,030 7,535,092
Disposals or retirements - (29,991 ) (66,261 ) - (96,252 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 412,657 1,956 12,131 1,553 428,297
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 25,759,019 $ 48,675,794 $ 11,701,892 $ 91,928,526
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Additions - 2,793,539 4,774,522 1,188,033 8,756,094
Disposals or retirements - (11,351 ) (66,261 ) - (77,612 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 1,956 8,555 686 11,197
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ - $ 17,696,437 $ 38,838,394 $ 9,394,540 $ 65,929,371
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 8,062,582 $ 9,837,400 $ 2,307,352 $ 25,999,155
(Concluded)
The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
annual discount rates of 9.0% and 8.7% in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, to reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 447,194,000 $ 379,526,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 476,578,500 476,051,500
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (2,874,947) (3,141,061)
Less: Current portion (6,997,710) (18,100,000)
$ 913,899,843 $ 834,336,439
- 39 -
- 39 -

[TABLE START]

Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2023 $ - $ 17,696,437 $ 38,838,394 $ 9,394,540 $ 65,929,371
Additions - 2,792,353 5,308,109 1,157,788 9,258,250
Disposals or retirements - - (4,289,152 ) - (4,289,152 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 1,280 (10,680 ) 26,441 17,041
Balance at December 31, 2023 $ - $ 20,490,070 $ 39,846,671 $ 10,578,769 $ 70,915,510
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2023 $ 5,796,438 $ 5,731,281 $ 9,470,360 $ 1,768,665 $ 22,766,744
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Additions - 2,253,095 5,078,967 203,030 7,535,092
Disposals or retirements - (29,991 ) (66,261 ) - (96,252 )
Effect of exchange rate changes 412,657 1,956 12,131 1,553 428,297
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 25,759,019 $ 48,675,794 $ 11,701,892 $ 91,928,526
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2022 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Additions - 2,793,539 4,774,522 1,188,033 8,756,094
Disposals or retirements - (11,351 ) (66,261 ) - (77,612 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - 1,956 8,555 686 11,197
Balance at December 31, 2022 $ - $ 17,696,437 $ 38,838,394 $ 9,394,540 $ 65,929,371
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2022 $ 5,791,821 $ 8,062,582 $ 9,837,400 $ 2,307,352 $ 25,999,155
(Concluded)
The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
annual discount rates of 9.0% and 8.7% in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively, to reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 447,194,000 $ 379,526,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 476,578,500 476,051,500
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (2,874,947) (3,141,061)
Less: Current portion (6,997,710) (18,100,000)
$ 913,899,843 $ 834,336,439
- 39 -
- 39 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 136 ---

The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
101-3 - October 2012 to $ 4,400,000 1.53% Bullet repayment; interest
October 2022 payable annually
101-4 C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 C February 2013 to 3,600,000 1.50% The same as above
February 2023
102-2 B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
102-4 E September 2013 to 5,400,000 2.05% The same as above
March 2023
F September 2013 to 2,600,000 2.10% The same as above
September 2023
109-1 A March 2020 to 3,000,000 0.58% The same as above
March 2025
B March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.62% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.64% The same as above
March 2030
109-2 A April 2020 to 5,900,000 0.52% The same as above
April 2025
B April 2020 to 10,400,000 0.58% The same as above
April 2027
C April 2020 to 5,300,000 0.60% The same as above
April 2030
109-3 A May 2020 to May 4,500,000 0.55% The same as above
2025
B May 2020 to May 7,500,000 0.60% The same as above
2027
C May 2020 to May 2,400,000 0.64% The same as above
2030
109-4 A July 2020 to July 5,700,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B July 2020 to July 6,300,000 0.65% The same as above
2027
C July 2020 to July 1,900,000 0.67% The same as above
2030
109-5 A September 2020 to 4,800,000 0.50% The same as above
September 2025
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

[TABLE START]

The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
101-3 - October 2012 to $ 4,400,000 1.53% Bullet repayment; interest
October 2022 payable annually
101-4 C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 C February 2013 to 3,600,000 1.50% The same as above
February 2023
102-2 B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
102-4 E September 2013 to 5,400,000 2.05% The same as above
March 2023
F September 2013 to 2,600,000 2.10% The same as above
September 2023
109-1 A March 2020 to 3,000,000 0.58% The same as above
March 2025
B March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.62% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.64% The same as above
March 2030
109-2 A April 2020 to 5,900,000 0.52% The same as above
April 2025
B April 2020 to 10,400,000 0.58% The same as above
April 2027
C April 2020 to 5,300,000 0.60% The same as above
April 2030
109-3 A May 2020 to May 4,500,000 0.55% The same as above
2025
B May 2020 to May 7,500,000 0.60% The same as above
2027
C May 2020 to May 2,400,000 0.64% The same as above
2030
109-4 A July 2020 to July 5,700,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B July 2020 to July 6,300,000 0.65% The same as above
2027
C July 2020 to July 1,900,000 0.67% The same as above
2030
109-5 A September 2020 to 4,800,000 0.50% The same as above
September 2025
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 137 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
109-5 B September 2020 to $ 8,000,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
September 2027 last two years; interest
payable annually
C September 2020 to 2,800,000 0.60% The same as above
September 2030
109-6 A December 2020 to 1,600,000 0.40% The same as above
(Green bond) December 2025
B December 2020 to 5,600,000 0.44% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 4,800,000 0.48% The same as above
December 2030
109-7 A December 2020 to 1,900,000 0.36% The same as above
December 2025
B December 2020 to 10,200,000 0.41% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 6,400,000 0.45% The same as above
December 2030
110-1 A March 2021 to 4,800,000 0.50% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2026 payable annually
B March 2021 to 11,400,000 0.55% The same as above
March 2028
C March 2021 to 4,900,000 0.60% The same as above
March 2031
110-2 A May 2021 to May 5,200,000 0.50% The same as above
2026
B May 2021 to May 8,400,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C May 2021 to May 5,600,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-3 A June 2021 to June 6,900,000 0.52% The same as above
2026
B June 2021 to June 7,900,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C June 2021 to June 4,900,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-4 A August 2021 to 4,000,000 0.485% The same as above
August 2025
B August 2021 to 8,000,000 0.50% The same as above
August 2026
C August 2021 to 5,400,000 0.55% The same as above
August 2028
D August 2021 to 4,200,000 0.62% The same as above
August 2031
110-6 A October 2021 to 3,200,000 0.535% The same as above
April 2026
B October 2021 to 6,900,000 0.54% The same as above
October 2026
C October 2021 to 4,600,000 0.60% The same as above
October 2028
D October 2021 to 1,600,000 0.62% The same as above
October 2031
(Continued)
- 41 -
- 41 -

[TABLE START]

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
109-5 B September 2020 to $ 8,000,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
September 2027 last two years; interest
payable annually
C September 2020 to 2,800,000 0.60% The same as above
September 2030
109-6 A December 2020 to 1,600,000 0.40% The same as above
(Green bond) December 2025
B December 2020 to 5,600,000 0.44% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 4,800,000 0.48% The same as above
December 2030
109-7 A December 2020 to 1,900,000 0.36% The same as above
December 2025
B December 2020 to 10,200,000 0.41% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 6,400,000 0.45% The same as above
December 2030
110-1 A March 2021 to 4,800,000 0.50% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2026 payable annually
B March 2021 to 11,400,000 0.55% The same as above
March 2028
C March 2021 to 4,900,000 0.60% The same as above
March 2031
110-2 A May 2021 to May 5,200,000 0.50% The same as above
2026
B May 2021 to May 8,400,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C May 2021 to May 5,600,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-3 A June 2021 to June 6,900,000 0.52% The same as above
2026
B June 2021 to June 7,900,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C June 2021 to June 4,900,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-4 A August 2021 to 4,000,000 0.485% The same as above
August 2025
B August 2021 to 8,000,000 0.50% The same as above
August 2026
C August 2021 to 5,400,000 0.55% The same as above
August 2028
D August 2021 to 4,200,000 0.62% The same as above
August 2031
110-6 A October 2021 to 3,200,000 0.535% The same as above
April 2026
B October 2021 to 6,900,000 0.54% The same as above
October 2026
C October 2021 to 4,600,000 0.60% The same as above
October 2028
D October 2021 to 1,600,000 0.62% The same as above
October 2031
(Continued)
- 41 -
- 41 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 138 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
110-7 A December 2021 to $ 7,700,000 0.65% Bullet repayment; interest
December 2026 payable annually
B December 2021 to 3,500,000 0.675% The same as above
June 2027
C December 2021 to 5,500,000 0.72% The same as above
December 2028
111-1 A January 2022 to 2,100,000 0.63% The same as above
(Green bond) January 2027
B January 2022 to 3,300,000 0.72% The same as above
January 2029
111-2 A March 2022 to 3,000,000 0.84% The same as above
September 2026
B March 2022 to 9,600,000 0.85% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2022 to 1,600,000 0.90% The same as above
March 2029
111-3 - May 2022 to May 6,100,000 1.50% The same as above
(Green bond) 2027
111-4 A July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.60% The same as above
(Green bond) 2026
B July 2022 to July 10,100,000 1.70% The same as above
2027
C July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.75% The same as above
2029
D July 2022 to July 1,400,000 1.95% The same as above
2032
111-5 A August 2022 to 2,000,000 1.65% The same as above
June 2027
B August 2022 to 8,900,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2027
C August 2022 to 2,200,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2029
D August 2022 to 2,500,000 1.82% The same as above
August 2032
111-6 A October 2022 to 5,700,000 1.75% The same as above
(Green bond) October 2027
B October 2022 to 1,000,000 1.80% The same as above
October 2029
C October 2022 to 3,500,000 2.00% The same as above
October 2032
112-1 A March 2023 to 12,200,000 1.54% The same as above
(Green bond) March 2028
B March 2023 to 2,300,000 1.60% The same as above
March 2030
C March 2023 to 4,800,000 1.78% The same as above
March 2033
(Continued)
- 42 -
- 42 -

[TABLE START]

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
110-7 A December 2021 to $ 7,700,000 0.65% Bullet repayment; interest
December 2026 payable annually
B December 2021 to 3,500,000 0.675% The same as above
June 2027
C December 2021 to 5,500,000 0.72% The same as above
December 2028
111-1 A January 2022 to 2,100,000 0.63% The same as above
(Green bond) January 2027
B January 2022 to 3,300,000 0.72% The same as above
January 2029
111-2 A March 2022 to 3,000,000 0.84% The same as above
September 2026
B March 2022 to 9,600,000 0.85% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2022 to 1,600,000 0.90% The same as above
March 2029
111-3 - May 2022 to May 6,100,000 1.50% The same as above
(Green bond) 2027
111-4 A July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.60% The same as above
(Green bond) 2026
B July 2022 to July 10,100,000 1.70% The same as above
2027
C July 2022 to July 1,200,000 1.75% The same as above
2029
D July 2022 to July 1,400,000 1.95% The same as above
2032
111-5 A August 2022 to 2,000,000 1.65% The same as above
June 2027
B August 2022 to 8,900,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2027
C August 2022 to 2,200,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2029
D August 2022 to 2,500,000 1.82% The same as above
August 2032
111-6 A October 2022 to 5,700,000 1.75% The same as above
(Green bond) October 2027
B October 2022 to 1,000,000 1.80% The same as above
October 2029
C October 2022 to 3,500,000 2.00% The same as above
October 2032
112-1 A March 2023 to 12,200,000 1.54% The same as above
(Green bond) March 2028
B March 2023 to 2,300,000 1.60% The same as above
March 2030
C March 2023 to 4,800,000 1.78% The same as above
March 2033
(Continued)
- 42 -
- 42 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 139 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
112-2 A May 2023 to May $ 13,100,000 1.60% Bullet repayment; interest
(Green bond) 2028 payable annually
B May 2023 to May 2,300,000 1.65% The same as above
2030
C May 2023 to May 5,300,000 1.82% The same as above
2033
112-3 A June 2023 to June 11,400,000 1.60% The same as above
2028
B June 2023 to June 2,600,000 1.65% The same as above
2030
C June 2023 to June 6,000,000 1.80% The same as above
2033
112-4 A August 2023 to 7,300,000 1.60% The same as above
August 2028
B August 2023 to 700,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2030
C August 2023 to 7,900,000 1.76% The same as above
August 2033
112-5 A October 2023 to 4,300,000 1.62% The same as above
October 2028
B October 2023 to 5,500,000 1.76% The same as above
October 2033
(Concluded)
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
US$ unsecured
bonds
109-1 - September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 2.70% Bullet repayment
September 2060 (callable on the 5th
anniversary of the
issue date and every
anniversary thereafter);
interest payable
annually
110-5 - September 2021 to 1,000,000 3.10% The same as above
September 2051
The major terms of overseas unsecured bonds are as follows:
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 0.75% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2025 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
(Continued)
- 43 -
- 43 -

[TABLE START]

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
112-2 A May 2023 to May $ 13,100,000 1.60% Bullet repayment; interest
(Green bond) 2028 payable annually
B May 2023 to May 2,300,000 1.65% The same as above
2030
C May 2023 to May 5,300,000 1.82% The same as above
2033
112-3 A June 2023 to June 11,400,000 1.60% The same as above
2028
B June 2023 to June 2,600,000 1.65% The same as above
2030
C June 2023 to June 6,000,000 1.80% The same as above
2033
112-4 A August 2023 to 7,300,000 1.60% The same as above
August 2028
B August 2023 to 700,000 1.65% The same as above
August 2030
C August 2023 to 7,900,000 1.76% The same as above
August 2033
112-5 A October 2023 to 4,300,000 1.62% The same as above
October 2028
B October 2023 to 5,500,000 1.76% The same as above
October 2033
(Concluded)
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
US$ unsecured
bonds
109-1 - September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 2.70% Bullet repayment
September 2060 (callable on the 5th
anniversary of the
issue date and every
anniversary thereafter);
interest payable
annually
110-5 - September 2021 to 1,000,000 3.10% The same as above
September 2051
The major terms of overseas unsecured bonds are as follows:
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 0.75% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2025 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
(Continued)
- 43 -
- 43 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 140 ---

Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 750,000 1.00% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2027 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
September 2020 to 1,250,000 1.375% The same as above
September 2030
April 2021 to April 2026 1,100,000 1.25% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2028 900,000 1.75% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2031 1,500,000 2.25% The same as above
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 1.75% The same as above
2026
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 2.50% The same as above
2031
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.125% The same as above
2041
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.25% The same as above
2051
April 2022 to April 2027 1,000,000 3.875% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2029 500,000 4.125% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2032 1,000,000 4.25% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2052 1,000,000 4.50% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2027 400,000 4.375% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2032 600,000 4.625% The same as above
(Concluded)
18. LONG-TERM BANK LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Unsecured loans $ 6,706,389 $ 6,013,333
Less: Discounts on government grants (27,868) (39,397)
Less: Current portion (2,295,556) (1,213,889)
$ 4,382,965 $ 4,760,047
Loan content
Annual interest rate 1.15%-1.35% 1.03%-1.23%
Maturity date Due by December Due by December
2027 2027
The long-term bank loans of the Company are with preferential interest rates subsidized by the government,
and the loans are used to fund capital expenditure qualifying for the subsidy.
- 44 -
- 44 -

[TABLE START]

Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 750,000 1.00% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2027 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
September 2020 to 1,250,000 1.375% The same as above
September 2030
April 2021 to April 2026 1,100,000 1.25% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2028 900,000 1.75% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2031 1,500,000 2.25% The same as above
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 1.75% The same as above
2026
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 2.50% The same as above
2031
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.125% The same as above
2041
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.25% The same as above
2051
April 2022 to April 2027 1,000,000 3.875% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2029 500,000 4.125% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2032 1,000,000 4.25% The same as above
April 2022 to April 2052 1,000,000 4.50% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2027 400,000 4.375% The same as above
July 2022 to July 2032 600,000 4.625% The same as above
(Concluded)
18. LONG-TERM BANK LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Unsecured loans $ 6,706,389 $ 6,013,333
Less: Discounts on government grants (27,868) (39,397)
Less: Current portion (2,295,556) (1,213,889)
$ 4,382,965 $ 4,760,047
Loan content
Annual interest rate 1.15%-1.35% 1.03%-1.23%
Maturity date Due by December Due by December
2027 2027
The long-term bank loans of the Company are with preferential interest rates subsidized by the government,
and the loans are used to fund capital expenditure qualifying for the subsidy.
- 44 -
- 44 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 141 ---

19. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
a. Defined contribution plans
The plan under the R.O.C. Labor Pension Act (the “Act”) is deemed a defined contribution plan. Pursuant
to the Act, TSMC and VisEra Tech have made monthly contributions equal to 6% of each employee’s
monthly salary to employees’ pension accounts. Furthermore, TSMC North America, TSMC Europe,
TSMC Japan, TSMC JDC, TSMC 3DIC, TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, JASM, TSMC
Technology and TSMC Canada also make monthly contributions at certain percentages of the basic salary
of their employees. Accordingly, the Company recognized expenses of NT$5,365,458 thousand and
NT$4,550,387 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
b. Defined benefit plans
TSMC has defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law that provide benefits based on
an employee’s length of service and average monthly salary for the six-month period prior to retirement.
The Company contributes an amount equal to 2% of salaries paid each month to their respective pension
funds (the Funds), which are administered by the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee (the
Committee) and deposited in the Committee’s name in the Bank of Taiwan. Before the end of each year,
the Company assesses the balance in the Funds. If the amount of the balance in the Funds is inadequate
to pay retirement benefits for employees who conform to retirement requirements in the next year, the
Company is required to fund the difference in one appropriation that should be made before the end of
March of the next year. The Funds are operated and managed by the government’s designated authorities;
as such, the Company does not have any right to intervene in the investments of the Funds.
Amounts recognized in respect of these defined benefit plans were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Current service cost $ 139,101 $ 134,376
Net interest expense 142,291 74,265
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss 281,392 208,641
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) (16,252) (429,948)
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 68,342 1,413,760
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions 571,266 (160,752)
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in other
comprehensive income 623,356 823,060
Total $ 904,748 $ 1,031,701
The pension costs of the aforementioned defined benefit plans were recognized in profit or loss by the
following categories:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Cost of revenue $ 182,333 $ 135,125
Research and development expenses 76,120 55,632
General and administrative expenses 19,248 15,129
Marketing expenses 3,691 2,755
$ 281,392 $ 208,641
- 45 -
- 45 -

[TABLE START]

19. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
a. Defined contribution plans
The plan under the R.O.C. Labor Pension Act (the “Act”) is deemed a defined contribution plan. Pursuant
to the Act, TSMC and VisEra Tech have made monthly contributions equal to 6% of each employee’s
monthly salary to employees’ pension accounts. Furthermore, TSMC North America, TSMC Europe,
TSMC Japan, TSMC JDC, TSMC 3DIC, TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Arizona, JASM, TSMC
Technology and TSMC Canada also make monthly contributions at certain percentages of the basic salary
of their employees. Accordingly, the Company recognized expenses of NT$5,365,458 thousand and
NT$4,550,387 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
b. Defined benefit plans
TSMC has defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law that provide benefits based on
an employee’s length of service and average monthly salary for the six-month period prior to retirement.
The Company contributes an amount equal to 2% of salaries paid each month to their respective pension
funds (the Funds), which are administered by the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee (the
Committee) and deposited in the Committee’s name in the Bank of Taiwan. Before the end of each year,
the Company assesses the balance in the Funds. If the amount of the balance in the Funds is inadequate
to pay retirement benefits for employees who conform to retirement requirements in the next year, the
Company is required to fund the difference in one appropriation that should be made before the end of
March of the next year. The Funds are operated and managed by the government’s designated authorities;
as such, the Company does not have any right to intervene in the investments of the Funds.
Amounts recognized in respect of these defined benefit plans were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Current service cost $ 139,101 $ 134,376
Net interest expense 142,291 74,265
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss 281,392 208,641
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) (16,252) (429,948)
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 68,342 1,413,760
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions 571,266 (160,752)
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in other
comprehensive income 623,356 823,060
Total $ 904,748 $ 1,031,701
The pension costs of the aforementioned defined benefit plans were recognized in profit or loss by the
following categories:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Cost of revenue $ 182,333 $ 135,125
Research and development expenses 76,120 55,632
General and administrative expenses 19,248 15,129
Marketing expenses 3,691 2,755
$ 281,392 $ 208,641
- 45 -
- 45 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 142 ---

The amounts arising from the defined benefit obligation of the Company were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Present value of defined benefit obligation $ 17,995,066 $ 17,483,951
Fair value of plan assets (8,737,842) (8,162,860)
Net defined benefit liability $ 9,257,224 $ 9,321,091
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 17,483,951 $ 16,585,442
Current service cost 139,101 134,376
Interest expense 303,970 120,791
Remeasurement:
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 68,342 1,413,760
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions 571,266 (160,752)
Benefits paid from plan assets (556,455) (585,343)
Benefits paid directly by the Company (15,109) (24,323)
Balance, end of year $ 17,995,066 $ 17,483,951
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 8,162,860 $ 5,548,563
Interest income 161,679 46,526
Remeasurement:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) 16,252 429,948
Contributions from employer 953,506 2,723,166
Benefits paid from plan assets (556,455) (585,343)
Balance, end of year $ 8,737,842 $ 8,162,860
The fair value of the plan assets by major categories at the end of reporting period was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Cash $ 1,351,744 $ 1,337,893
Equity instruments 4,998,919 4,696,909
Debt instruments 2,387,179 2,128,058
$ 8,737,842 $ 8,162,860
- 46 -
- 46 -

[TABLE START]

The amounts arising from the defined benefit obligation of the Company were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Present value of defined benefit obligation $ 17,995,066 $ 17,483,951
Fair value of plan assets (8,737,842) (8,162,860)
Net defined benefit liability $ 9,257,224 $ 9,321,091
Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 17,483,951 $ 16,585,442
Current service cost 139,101 134,376
Interest expense 303,970 120,791
Remeasurement:
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 68,342 1,413,760
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions 571,266 (160,752)
Benefits paid from plan assets (556,455) (585,343)
Benefits paid directly by the Company (15,109) (24,323)
Balance, end of year $ 17,995,066 $ 17,483,951
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Balance, beginning of year $ 8,162,860 $ 5,548,563
Interest income 161,679 46,526
Remeasurement:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) 16,252 429,948
Contributions from employer 953,506 2,723,166
Benefits paid from plan assets (556,455) (585,343)
Balance, end of year $ 8,737,842 $ 8,162,860
The fair value of the plan assets by major categories at the end of reporting period was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Cash $ 1,351,744 $ 1,337,893
Equity instruments 4,998,919 4,696,909
Debt instruments 2,387,179 2,128,058
$ 8,737,842 $ 8,162,860
- 46 -
- 46 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 143 ---

The actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out by qualified
actuaries. The principal assumptions of the actuarial valuation were as follows:
Measurement Date
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Discount rate 1.40% 1.80%
Future salary increase rate 4.00% 4.00%
Through the defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the Company is exposed to
the following risks:
1) Investment risk: The pension funds are invested in equity and debt securities, bank deposits, etc. The
investment is conducted at the discretion of the government’s designated authorities or under the
mandated management. However, under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the rate of return on assets
shall not be less than the average interest rate on a two-year time deposit published by the local banks
and the government is responsible for any shortfall in the event that the rate of return is less than the
required rate of return.
2) Interest risk: A decrease in the government bond interest rate will increase the present value of the
defined benefit obligation; however, this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the
debt investments of the plan assets.
Assuming a hypothetical decrease in interest rate at the end of the reporting period contributed to a
decrease of 0.5% (and not below 0.0%) in the discount rate and all other assumptions were held
constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by NT$757,663 thousand
and NT$766,692 thousand as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
3) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by reference to the future
salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase
the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Assuming the expected salary rate increases by 0.5% at the end of the reporting period and all other
assumptions were held constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by
NT$735,167 thousand and NT$746,933 thousand as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another
as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period,
which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability.
The Company expects to make contributions of NT$991,646 thousand to the defined benefit plans in the
next year starting from December 31, 2023. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit
obligation is 8 years.
- 47 -
- 47 -

[TABLE START]

The actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out by qualified
actuaries. The principal assumptions of the actuarial valuation were as follows:
Measurement Date
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Discount rate 1.40% 1.80%
Future salary increase rate 4.00% 4.00%
Through the defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the Company is exposed to
the following risks:
1) Investment risk: The pension funds are invested in equity and debt securities, bank deposits, etc. The
investment is conducted at the discretion of the government’s designated authorities or under the
mandated management. However, under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the rate of return on assets
shall not be less than the average interest rate on a two-year time deposit published by the local banks
and the government is responsible for any shortfall in the event that the rate of return is less than the
required rate of return.
2) Interest risk: A decrease in the government bond interest rate will increase the present value of the
defined benefit obligation; however, this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the
debt investments of the plan assets.
Assuming a hypothetical decrease in interest rate at the end of the reporting period contributed to a
decrease of 0.5% (and not below 0.0%) in the discount rate and all other assumptions were held
constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by NT$757,663 thousand
and NT$766,692 thousand as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
3) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by reference to the future
salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase
the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Assuming the expected salary rate increases by 0.5% at the end of the reporting period and all other
assumptions were held constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by
NT$735,167 thousand and NT$746,933 thousand as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another
as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period,
which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability.
The Company expects to make contributions of NT$991,646 thousand to the defined benefit plans in the
next year starting from December 31, 2023. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit
obligation is 8 years.
- 47 -
- 47 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 144 ---

20. EQUITY
a. Capital stock
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Authorized shares (in thousands) 28,050,000 28,050,000
Authorized capital $ 280,500,000 $ 280,500,000
Issued and paid shares (in thousands) 25,932,071 25,930,380
Issued capital $ 259,320,710 $ 259,303,805
The par value of issued common shares is NT$10 per share. A holder of common shares has one vote for
each common share and is entitled to receive dividends.
The authorized shares include 500,000 thousand shares allocated for the exercise of employee stock
options.
On March 1, 2023 and March 1, 2022, the Company issued employee restricted stock awards (RSAs) for
its employees in a total of 2,110 thousand shares and 1,387 thousand shares, respectively, with a par value
of NT$10 per share. The aforementioned issuance of new shares was approved by the relevant authority
and the registration has been completed.
During the first quarter of 2023, TSMC reclaimed 419 thousand employee restricted shares that were
unvested. On May 9, 2023, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel the aforementioned shares.
Subsequently, TSMC completed the registration for share cancellation. Refer to Note 27 for information
on RSAs.
On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel 1,387 thousand treasury shares. Refer
to Note 20 (e) for information.
As of December 31, 2023, TSMC’s total issued and outstanding ADSs were 1,063,103 thousand units,
representing 5,315,513 thousand common shares.
b. Capital surplus
The categories of uses and the sources of capital surplus based on regulations were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
May be used to offset a deficit, distributed as cash dividends, or
transferred to share capital
Additional paid-in capital $ 24,406,854 $ 24,183,645
From merger 22,803,291 22,803,291
From convertible bonds 8,892,371 8,892,371
From difference between the consideration received and the
carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets during actual
disposal 8,406,282 8,406,282
Donations - donated by shareholders 11,275 11,275
(Continued)
- 48 -
- 48 -

[TABLE START]

20. EQUITY
a. Capital stock
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Authorized shares (in thousands) 28,050,000 28,050,000
Authorized capital $ 280,500,000 $ 280,500,000
Issued and paid shares (in thousands) 25,932,071 25,930,380
Issued capital $ 259,320,710 $ 259,303,805
The par value of issued common shares is NT$10 per share. A holder of common shares has one vote for
each common share and is entitled to receive dividends.
The authorized shares include 500,000 thousand shares allocated for the exercise of employee stock
options.
On March 1, 2023 and March 1, 2022, the Company issued employee restricted stock awards (RSAs) for
its employees in a total of 2,110 thousand shares and 1,387 thousand shares, respectively, with a par value
of NT$10 per share. The aforementioned issuance of new shares was approved by the relevant authority
and the registration has been completed.
During the first quarter of 2023, TSMC reclaimed 419 thousand employee restricted shares that were
unvested. On May 9, 2023, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel the aforementioned shares.
Subsequently, TSMC completed the registration for share cancellation. Refer to Note 27 for information
on RSAs.
On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved to cancel 1,387 thousand treasury shares. Refer
to Note 20 (e) for information.
As of December 31, 2023, TSMC’s total issued and outstanding ADSs were 1,063,103 thousand units,
representing 5,315,513 thousand common shares.
b. Capital surplus
The categories of uses and the sources of capital surplus based on regulations were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
May be used to offset a deficit, distributed as cash dividends, or
transferred to share capital
Additional paid-in capital $ 24,406,854 $ 24,183,645
From merger 22,803,291 22,803,291
From convertible bonds 8,892,371 8,892,371
From difference between the consideration received and the
carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets during actual
disposal 8,406,282 8,406,282
Donations - donated by shareholders 11,275 11,275
(Continued)
- 48 -
- 48 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 145 ---

December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
May only be used to offset a deficit
From share of changes in equities of subsidiaries $ 4,199,936 $ 4,229,892
From share of changes in equities of associates 302,396 311,863
Donations - unclaimed dividend 70,093 53,680
May not be used for any purpose
Employee restricted shares 783,883 438,029
$ 69,876,381 $ 69,330,328
(Concluded)
If such capital surplus is distributed as transferred to share capital, it is limited to a certain percentage of
the Company’s paid-in capital each year.
c. Retained earnings and dividend policy
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation provide that, earnings distribution may be made on a quarterly basis
after the close of each quarter. Distribution of earnings by way of cash dividends should be approved by
TSMC’s Board of Directors and reported to TSMC’s shareholders in its meeting. When allocating
earnings, TSMC shall first estimate and reserve the taxes to be paid, offset its losses, set aside a legal
capital reserve at 10% of the remaining earnings (until the accumulated legal capital reserve equals
TSMC’s paid-in capital), then set aside a special capital reserve in accordance with relevant laws or
regulations or as requested by the authorities in charge. Any balance left over shall be allocated according
to relevant laws and TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation.
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation also provide that profits of TSMC may be distributed by way of cash
dividend and/or stock dividend. However, distribution of earnings shall be made preferably by way of
cash dividend. Distribution of earnings may also be made by way of stock dividend, provided that the
ratio for stock dividend shall not exceed 50% of the total distribution.
The legal capital reserve may be used to offset a deficit, or be distributed as dividends in cash or stocks
for the portion in excess of 25% of the paid-in capital if the Company incurs no loss.
Pursuant to existing regulations, the Company is required to set aside an additional special capital
reserve equivalent to the net debit balance of the other components of stockholders’ equity, such as the
accumulated balance of the foreign currency translation reserve, the effectiveness of hedges of net
investments in foreign operations, unrealized valuation gain or loss from fair value through other
comprehensive income financial assets, gain or loss from changes in fair value of hedging instruments in
cash flow hedges, etc. For the subsequent decrease in the deduction amount to stockholders’ equity, any
special reserve appropriated may be reversed to the extent that the net debit balance reverses.
The appropriations of 2023, 2022 and 2021 quarterly earnings have been approved by TSMC’s Board of
Directors in its meeting, respectively. The appropriations and cash dividends per share were as follows:
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2023 of 2023 of 2023 of 2023
Board of Directors in its February 6, November 14, August 8, May 9,
meeting 2024 2023 2023 2023
Special capital reserve $ 28,020,822 $ (17,228,363) $ (6,365,562) $ 3,273,452
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 90,762,248 $ 90,762,248 $ 77,796,213 $ 77,796,213
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 3.50 $ 3.50 $ 3.00 $ 3.00
- 49 -
- 49 -

[TABLE START]

December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
May only be used to offset a deficit
From share of changes in equities of subsidiaries $ 4,199,936 $ 4,229,892
From share of changes in equities of associates 302,396 311,863
Donations - unclaimed dividend 70,093 53,680
May not be used for any purpose
Employee restricted shares 783,883 438,029
$ 69,876,381 $ 69,330,328
(Concluded)
If such capital surplus is distributed as transferred to share capital, it is limited to a certain percentage of
the Company’s paid-in capital each year.
c. Retained earnings and dividend policy
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation provide that, earnings distribution may be made on a quarterly basis
after the close of each quarter. Distribution of earnings by way of cash dividends should be approved by
TSMC’s Board of Directors and reported to TSMC’s shareholders in its meeting. When allocating
earnings, TSMC shall first estimate and reserve the taxes to be paid, offset its losses, set aside a legal
capital reserve at 10% of the remaining earnings (until the accumulated legal capital reserve equals
TSMC’s paid-in capital), then set aside a special capital reserve in accordance with relevant laws or
regulations or as requested by the authorities in charge. Any balance left over shall be allocated according
to relevant laws and TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation.
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation also provide that profits of TSMC may be distributed by way of cash
dividend and/or stock dividend. However, distribution of earnings shall be made preferably by way of
cash dividend. Distribution of earnings may also be made by way of stock dividend, provided that the
ratio for stock dividend shall not exceed 50% of the total distribution.
The legal capital reserve may be used to offset a deficit, or be distributed as dividends in cash or stocks
for the portion in excess of 25% of the paid-in capital if the Company incurs no loss.
Pursuant to existing regulations, the Company is required to set aside an additional special capital
reserve equivalent to the net debit balance of the other components of stockholders’ equity, such as the
accumulated balance of the foreign currency translation reserve, the effectiveness of hedges of net
investments in foreign operations, unrealized valuation gain or loss from fair value through other
comprehensive income financial assets, gain or loss from changes in fair value of hedging instruments in
cash flow hedges, etc. For the subsequent decrease in the deduction amount to stockholders’ equity, any
special reserve appropriated may be reversed to the extent that the net debit balance reverses.
The appropriations of 2023, 2022 and 2021 quarterly earnings have been approved by TSMC’s Board of
Directors in its meeting, respectively. The appropriations and cash dividends per share were as follows:
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2023 of 2023 of 2023 of 2023
Board of Directors in its February 6, November 14, August 8, May 9,
meeting 2024 2023 2023 2023
Special capital reserve $ 28,020,822 $ (17,228,363) $ (6,365,562) $ 3,273,452
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 90,762,248 $ 90,762,248 $ 77,796,213 $ 77,796,213
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 3.50 $ 3.50 $ 3.00 $ 3.00
- 49 -
- 49 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 146 ---

Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2022 of 2022 of 2022 of 2022
Board of Directors in its February 14, November 8, August 9, May 10,
meeting 2023 2022 2022 2022
Special capital reserve $ 17,166,163 $ (31,910,353) $ (12,002,798) $ (15,541,054)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2021 of 2021 of 2021 of 2021
Board of Directors in its February 15, November 9, August 10, June 9,
meeting 2022 2021 2021 2021
Special capital reserve $ 3,304,303 $ 710,169 $ 10,201,220 $ (6,287,050)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
The special capital reserve for 2023 is to be presented for approval in TSMC’s shareholders’ meeting to
be held on June 4, 2024 (expected).
The quarterly cash dividends per share is affected by the subsequent number of outstanding ordinary
shares, the information of the actual payout is available at the Market Observation Post System website.
d. Others
Changes in others were as follows:
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (11,743,301 ) $ (10,056,353 ) $ 1,479,181 $ (185,153 ) $ (20,505,626 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations (14,255,586 ) - - - (14,255,586 )
Gain (Loss) on hedging instruments
designated as hedges of net investments in
foreign operations 618,180 - - - 618,180
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - 1,953,138 - - 1,953,138
Debt instruments - 3,639,779 - - 3,639,779
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (151,944 ) - - (151,944 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - 473,897 - - 473,897
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 9,525 - - 9,525
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments and hedged
item affects profit or loss - - (34,837 ) - (34,837 )
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - (45,181 ) - (45,181 )
Issuance of shares - - - (585,968 ) (585,968 )
Share-based payment expenses recognized - - - 477,687 477,687
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates 63,938 32,055 (3,288 ) - 92,705
Income tax effect - (25 ) - - (25 )
Balance, end of year $ (25,316,769 ) $ (4,099,928 ) $ 1,395,875 $ (293,434 ) $ (28,314,256 )
- 50 -
- 50 -

[TABLE START]

Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2022 of 2022 of 2022 of 2022
Board of Directors in its February 14, November 8, August 9, May 10,
meeting 2023 2022 2022 2022
Special capital reserve $ 17,166,163 $ (31,910,353) $ (12,002,798) $ (15,541,054)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2021 of 2021 of 2021 of 2021
Board of Directors in its February 15, November 9, August 10, June 9,
meeting 2022 2021 2021 2021
Special capital reserve $ 3,304,303 $ 710,169 $ 10,201,220 $ (6,287,050)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
The special capital reserve for 2023 is to be presented for approval in TSMC’s shareholders’ meeting to
be held on June 4, 2024 (expected).
The quarterly cash dividends per share is affected by the subsequent number of outstanding ordinary
shares, the information of the actual payout is available at the Market Observation Post System website.
d. Others
Changes in others were as follows:
Year Ended December 31, 2023
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (11,743,301 ) $ (10,056,353 ) $ 1,479,181 $ (185,153 ) $ (20,505,626 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations (14,255,586 ) - - - (14,255,586 )
Gain (Loss) on hedging instruments
designated as hedges of net investments in
foreign operations 618,180 - - - 618,180
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - 1,953,138 - - 1,953,138
Debt instruments - 3,639,779 - - 3,639,779
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (151,944 ) - - (151,944 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - 473,897 - - 473,897
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 9,525 - - 9,525
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments and hedged
item affects profit or loss - - (34,837 ) - (34,837 )
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - (45,181 ) - (45,181 )
Issuance of shares - - - (585,968 ) (585,968 )
Share-based payment expenses recognized - - - 477,687 477,687
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates 63,938 32,055 (3,288 ) - 92,705
Income tax effect - (25 ) - - (25 )
Balance, end of year $ (25,316,769 ) $ (4,099,928 ) $ 1,395,875 $ (293,434 ) $ (28,314,256 )
- 50 -
- 50 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 147 ---

Year Ended December 31, 2022
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (63,303,361 ) $ 574,310 $ 120,536 $ - $ (62,608,515 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations 51,009,722 - - - 51,009,722
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - (263,380 ) - - (263,380 )
Debt instruments - (10,513,643 ) - - (10,513,643 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (303,242 ) - - (303,242 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - 410,076 - - 410,076
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 909 - - 909
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments and hedged
item affects profit or loss - - 1,329,231 - 1,329,231
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - (52,929 ) - (52,929 )
Issuance of shares - - - (451,899 ) (451,899 )
Share-based payment expenses recognized - - - 266,746 266,746
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates 550,338 38,696 76,307 - 665,341
Income tax effect - (79 ) 6,036 - 5,957
Balance, end of year $ (11,743,301 ) $ (10,056,353 ) $ 1,479,181 $ (185,153 ) $ (20,505,626 )
The aforementioned other equity includes the changes in other equities of TSMC and TSMC’s share of
its subsidiaries and associates.
e. Treasury stock
For TSMC’s shareholders’ interests, TSMC’s Board of Directors approved a share buyback program on
February 15, 2022 to repurchase 1,387 thousand shares. TSMC has completed the aforementioned share
buyback program during the first quarter of 2022. On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved
to cancel the 1,387 thousand shares. Subsequently, TSMC completed the registration for share
cancellation.
21. NET REVENUE
a. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Years Ended December 31
Product 2023 2022
Wafer $ 1,882,518,080 $ 1,991,855,947
Others 279,217,761 272,035,345
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
- 51 -
- 51 -

[TABLE START]

Year Ended December 31, 2022
Unrealized
Foreign Gain (Loss) on Unearned
Currency Financial Gain (Loss) on Stock-Based
Translation Assets at Hedging Employee
Reserve FVTOCI Instruments Compensation Total
Balance, beginning of year $ (63,303,361 ) $ 574,310 $ 120,536 $ - $ (62,608,515 )
Exchange differences arising on translation of
foreign operations 51,009,722 - - - 51,009,722
Unrealized gain (loss) on financial assets at
FVTOCI
Equity instruments - (263,380 ) - - (263,380 )
Debt instruments - (10,513,643 ) - - (10,513,643 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of equity
instruments transferred to retained
earnings due to disposal - (303,242 ) - - (303,242 )
Cumulative unrealized gain (loss) of debt
instruments transferred to profit or loss due
to disposal - 410,076 - - 410,076
Loss allowance adjustments from debt
instruments - 909 - - 909
Gain (loss) arising on changes in the fair
value of hedging instruments and hedged
item affects profit or loss - - 1,329,231 - 1,329,231
Transferred to initial carrying amount of
hedged items - - (52,929 ) - (52,929 )
Issuance of shares - - - (451,899 ) (451,899 )
Share-based payment expenses recognized - - - 266,746 266,746
Share of other comprehensive income (loss)
of associates 550,338 38,696 76,307 - 665,341
Income tax effect - (79 ) 6,036 - 5,957
Balance, end of year $ (11,743,301 ) $ (10,056,353 ) $ 1,479,181 $ (185,153 ) $ (20,505,626 )
The aforementioned other equity includes the changes in other equities of TSMC and TSMC’s share of
its subsidiaries and associates.
e. Treasury stock
For TSMC’s shareholders’ interests, TSMC’s Board of Directors approved a share buyback program on
February 15, 2022 to repurchase 1,387 thousand shares. TSMC has completed the aforementioned share
buyback program during the first quarter of 2022. On May 10, 2022, TSMC’s Board of Directors resolved
to cancel the 1,387 thousand shares. Subsequently, TSMC completed the registration for share
cancellation.
21. NET REVENUE
a. Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers
Years Ended December 31
Product 2023 2022
Wafer $ 1,882,518,080 $ 1,991,855,947
Others 279,217,761 272,035,345
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
- 51 -
- 51 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 148 ---

Years Ended December 31
Geography 2023 2022
Taiwan $ 149,777,343 $ 210,470,783
United States 1,408,841,921 1,493,328,765
China 267,154,140 245,168,746
Japan 132,072,000 119,099,336
Europe, the Middle East and Africa 117,348,237 123,767,140
Others 86,542,200 72,056,522
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
The Company categorized the net revenue mainly based on the countries where the customers are
headquartered.
Years Ended December 31
Platform 2023 2022
High Performance Computing $ 934,768,625 $ 932,383,729
Smartphone 814,914,287 888,879,250
Internet of Things 161,916,543 196,114,987
Automotive 133,654,276 116,380,987
Digital Consumer Electronics 46,999,803 56,158,772
Others 69,482,307 73,973,567
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
Years Ended December 31
Resolution 2023 2022
3-nanometer $ 108,045,275 $ -
5-nanometer 629,300,387 508,689,881
7-nanometer 357,247,365 535,153,763
10-nanometer 23,332 24,871
16-nanometer 191,306,073 258,544,274
20-nanometer 10,359,042 8,853,291
28-nanometer 186,924,916 206,611,955
40/45-nanometer 114,667,360 145,546,243
65-nanometer 107,425,400 93,288,614
90-nanometer 25,642,010 40,184,169
0.11/0.13 micron 47,149,333 57,992,328
0.15/0.18 micron 86,614,213 110,571,222
0.25 micron and above 17,813,374 26,395,336
Wafer revenue $ 1,882,518,080 $ 1,991,855,947
b. Contract balances
December 31, December 31, January 1,
2023 2022 2022
Contract liabilities (classified under accrued
expenses and other current liabilities) $ 52,736,430 $ 70,806,617 $ 39,762,588
- 52 -
- 52 -

[TABLE START]

Years Ended December 31
Geography 2023 2022
Taiwan $ 149,777,343 $ 210,470,783
United States 1,408,841,921 1,493,328,765
China 267,154,140 245,168,746
Japan 132,072,000 119,099,336
Europe, the Middle East and Africa 117,348,237 123,767,140
Others 86,542,200 72,056,522
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
The Company categorized the net revenue mainly based on the countries where the customers are
headquartered.
Years Ended December 31
Platform 2023 2022
High Performance Computing $ 934,768,625 $ 932,383,729
Smartphone 814,914,287 888,879,250
Internet of Things 161,916,543 196,114,987
Automotive 133,654,276 116,380,987
Digital Consumer Electronics 46,999,803 56,158,772
Others 69,482,307 73,973,567
$ 2,161,735,841 $ 2,263,891,292
Years Ended December 31
Resolution 2023 2022
3-nanometer $ 108,045,275 $ -
5-nanometer 629,300,387 508,689,881
7-nanometer 357,247,365 535,153,763
10-nanometer 23,332 24,871
16-nanometer 191,306,073 258,544,274
20-nanometer 10,359,042 8,853,291
28-nanometer 186,924,916 206,611,955
40/45-nanometer 114,667,360 145,546,243
65-nanometer 107,425,400 93,288,614
90-nanometer 25,642,010 40,184,169
0.11/0.13 micron 47,149,333 57,992,328
0.15/0.18 micron 86,614,213 110,571,222
0.25 micron and above 17,813,374 26,395,336
Wafer revenue $ 1,882,518,080 $ 1,991,855,947
b. Contract balances
December 31, December 31, January 1,
2023 2022 2022
Contract liabilities (classified under accrued
expenses and other current liabilities) $ 52,736,430 $ 70,806,617 $ 39,762,588
- 52 -
- 52 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 149 ---

The changes in the contract liability balances primarily result from the timing difference between the
satisfaction of performance obligation and the customer’s payment.
The Company recognized revenue from the beginning balance of contract liability, which amounted to
NT$69,598,265 thousand and NT$38,433,111 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively.
c. Temporary receipts from customers
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 114,639,514 $ 107,723,580
Noncurrent portion (classified under other noncurrent liabilities) 163,655,128 168,399,207
$ 278,294,642 $ 276,122,787
The Company’s temporary receipts from customer are payments made by customers to the Company to
retain the Company’s capacity. When the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements are
subsequently satisfied, the treatment of temporary receipts, either by refund or by accounts receivable
offsetting, will be determined by mutual consent.
d. Refund liabilities
Estimated sales returns and other allowances is made and adjusted based on historical experience and
the consideration of varying contractual terms. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the aforementioned
refund liabilities amounted to NT$37,847,605 thousand and NT$53,078,351 thousand (classified under
accrued expenses and other current liabilities), respectively.
22. INTEREST INCOME
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Interest income
Cash and cash equivalents $ 49,740,006 $ 17,831,257
Financial assets at amortized cost 6,363,684 2,008,611
Financial assets at FVTOCI 4,190,211 2,582,341
$ 60,293,901 $ 22,422,209
23. FINANCE COSTS
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Interest expense
Corporate bonds $ 17,848,916 $ 14,116,112
Lease liabilities 382,041 267,050
Bank loans 95,366 32,017
Others 2,755 1,673
Less: Capitalized interest under property, plant and equipment (6,329,718) (2,666,868)
$ 11,999,360 $ 11,749,984
- 53 -
- 53 -

[TABLE START]

The changes in the contract liability balances primarily result from the timing difference between the
satisfaction of performance obligation and the customer’s payment.
The Company recognized revenue from the beginning balance of contract liability, which amounted to
NT$69,598,265 thousand and NT$38,433,111 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively.
c. Temporary receipts from customers
December 31, December 31,
2023 2022
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 114,639,514 $ 107,723,580
Noncurrent portion (classified under other noncurrent liabilities) 163,655,128 168,399,207
$ 278,294,642 $ 276,122,787
The Company’s temporary receipts from customer are payments made by customers to the Company to
retain the Company’s capacity. When the terms and conditions set forth in the agreements are
subsequently satisfied, the treatment of temporary receipts, either by refund or by accounts receivable
offsetting, will be determined by mutual consent.
d. Refund liabilities
Estimated sales returns and other allowances is made and adjusted based on historical experience and
the consideration of varying contractual terms. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the aforementioned
refund liabilities amounted to NT$37,847,605 thousand and NT$53,078,351 thousand (classified under
accrued expenses and other current liabilities), respectively.
22. INTEREST INCOME
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Interest income
Cash and cash equivalents $ 49,740,006 $ 17,831,257
Financial assets at amortized cost 6,363,684 2,008,611
Financial assets at FVTOCI 4,190,211 2,582,341
$ 60,293,901 $ 22,422,209
23. FINANCE COSTS
Years Ended December 31
2023 2022
Interest expense
Corporate bonds $ 17,848,916 $ 14,116,112
Lease liabilities 382,041 267,050
Bank loans 95,366 32,017
Others 2,755 1,673
Less: Capitalized interest under property, plant and equipment (6,329,718) (2,666,868)
$ 11,999,360 $ 11,749,984
- 53 -
- 53 -

[TABLE END]
