
--- Page 66 ---

that it will not be susceptible to new and emerging risks and share highly sensitive and confidential information to enable technologies than TSMC. Other companies may have greater Implementing these capacity expansion plans will increase
attacks in the evolving landscape of cybersecurity threats. them to provide the relevant services. Despite requiring the financial and other resources than TSMC, such as the possibility its costs, and the increases may be substantial. For example,
third-party service providers to strictly fulfill the confidentiality of receiving direct or indirect government subsidies, economic the Company would need to build new facilities, purchase
Malicious hackers may also try to introduce computer viruses, and/or internet security requirements in its service agreements stimulus funds, or other incentives that may be unavailable additional equipment and hire and train personnel to operate
corrupted software or ransomware into TSMC’s network with them, there is no assurance that each of them will comply to TSMC. For example, Chinese companies are expected to be the new equipment. If TSMC does not increase its net revenue
systems to disrupt its operations, blackmail it to regain control with such obligations. Moreover, such third-party service key players for new semiconductor fab development and fab accordingly, its financial performance may be adversely
of its computing systems, or spy on it for sensitive information. providers may also be susceptible to cyberattacks. If TSMC or equipment spending in part due to various incentives provided affected by these increased costs.
These attacks may result in TSMC having to pay damages for its service providers are not able to timely resolve the respective by the Chinese government. The governments of Europe, the
its delayed or disrupted orders or incur significant expense in technical difficulties caused by such cyberattacks, or ensure United States, South Korea, and Japan also have incentive In addition, market conditions are dynamic and TSMC’s market
implementing remedial and improvement measures to further the integrity and availability of its data (and data belonging to programs to incentivize developments of their domestic demand forecast may change significantly at any time. During
enhance its cybersecurity network, and may also expose the its customers and other third parties) or maintain control of semiconductor industries. Although governments in certain of periods of decreased demand, certain manufacturing lines
Company to significant legal liabilities arising from or related to its or its service providers’ computing systems, the Company’s the countries or regions where TSMC is currently expanding or tools in some of the Company’s manufacturing facilities
legal proceedings or regulatory investigations associated with commitments to its customers and other stakeholders may or planning to expand its production capacity have extended may be suspended or shut down temporarily. However, if
such breaches. be materially impaired and its results of operations, financial or may in the future extend certain financial incentives to demand subsequently increases rapidly over a short period
condition, prospects and reputation may also be materially and the Company, there is no assurance that TSMC will be able of time, TSMC may not be able to restore the capacity in
In the past, TSMC experienced and may in the future be subject adversely affected. to apply for or receive such financial incentives at the levels a timely manner to take advantage of the upturn. In such
to attacks by malicious software contained in the equipment TSMC expects or at all. Additionally, any financial incentives circumstances, its financial performance and competitiveness
the Company purchases and installs. TSMC has implemented Risks Associated with Decrease in Demand and Average the Company receive may be subject to strict conditions, or the may be adversely affected.
and continually updates rigorous cybersecurity measures to Selling Price grantors could seek to recover any funds provided to TSMC, or
prevent and minimize harm caused by such attacks. Such A vast majority of the Company’s revenue is derived from cancel, reduce or deny our requests subsidies or grants in the In order to mitigate the risk associated with capacity expansion,
measures include advanced virus scanning tools to prevent customers who use TSMC products in smartphones, high future. This could materially increase TSMC’s operating costs TSMC continuously watches for changes in market conditions
a fab from installing virus-infected software, strengthening performance computing (HPC), Internet of Things (IoT), and adversely affect its results of operations. and works closely with its customers. When market demand
firewall and network controls to prevent computer viruses automotive, and digital consumer electronics (DCE). Any is not as expected, the Company tries to adjust its capacity
from spreading among tools and fabs, the installation of deterioration in or a slowdown in the growth of such end Furthermore, the Company’s competitors may, from time to plans in a timely manner to reduce the impact on its financial
anti-virus and advanced malware detection solutions across markets resulting in a substantial decrease in the demand time, also decide to undertake aggressive pricing initiatives in performance.
Company computer devices, and enhancement of data center for overall global semiconductor foundry services, including one or several technology nodes. These competitive activities
security through faster patch cycle times. In addition, TSMC TSMC products and services, could adversely affect the may decrease TSMC’s customer base or its ASP, or both. If Risks Associated with Construction of New Fabs
has deployed secure PCs and laptops, developed a public cloud Company’s revenue. Further, semiconductor manufacturing TSMC is unable to compete effectively with such new and The Company has multiple expansion projects that are currently
security policy with monitoring, defined and regularly reviewed facilities require substantial investment to construct and are aggressive competitors on technology, manufacturing capacity, underway, including the design and construction of new
the security key performance indicators (KPI), introduced new largely fixed-cost assets once they are in operation. Because product quality and customer satisfaction, it risks losing fabs worldwide. Labor shortages, interruptions in the supply
technology for data protection, and improved email phishing the Company owns most of its manufacturing capacities, a customers to such new contenders. chains for various building materials, and construction issues
detection and regularly performed employee awareness testing. significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. In general, could substantially delay the completion of our expansion
TSMC also established an integrated and automatic security these costs do not decline when customer demand or our Risks Associated with Changes in the Government projects. Any prolongation of such delays could result in us
operation platform, enhanced the automation of cybersecurity capacity utilization rates drop, and thus declines in customer Policies and Regulatory Environment incurring substantial additional costs or failing to meet our
event detection and response, enhanced internal assessment demand, among other factors, may significantly decrease our TSMC management closely monitors all domestic and foreign capacity expansion plans. In addition, future expansions of
automation, practiced the response to ransomware attacks margins. Conversely, as product demand rises and factory governmental policies and regulations that might impact its operations in the R.O.C. could be limited by the limited
and conducted external security risk assessments. In addition, utilization increases, the fixed costs are spread over increased TSMC’s business and financial operations. In 2021 and as of availability of commercial-use land.
to reduce supply chain risks, through collaboration, TSMC output, which can improve our margins. In addition, the the date of this Annual Report, there were no governmental
helped major suppliers improve their security maturity with historical trend of declining average selling prices (or “ASP”) of policies or regulatory changes would materially impact TSMC’s Risks Associated with Sales Concentration
KPI monitoring and share with them industry security events end use applications places downward pressure on the prices operations or financial condition. Over the years, the profile of the Company’s customers and the
and best practices on demand and by schedule. Moreover, of the components that go into such applications. Decreases in nature of the Company’s customers’ business have changed
TSMC led the SEMI standard taskforce to formulate and release the ASP of end use applications may increase pricing pressure 6.3.3 Operational Risks dramatically. While TSMC generates revenue from hundreds of
information security standards for semiconductor equipment on components produced by TSMC, which, in turn, may customers worldwide, TSMC’s ten largest customers in 2019,
Risks Associated with Capacity Expansion
(SEMI E187) to help improve the resilience of semiconductor negatively impact its revenue, margin and earnings. 2020 and 2021 accounted for approximately, 71%, 74% and
TSMC performs long-term market demand forecasting for its
supply chain. While these ongoing enhancements further 71% of TSMC’s net revenue in the respective year. TSMC’s
products and services to manage its overall capacity. Based
improve Company’s cybersecurity defense solutions, there can Risks Associated with Competition largest customer in 2019, 2020 and 2021 accounted for 23%,
on its market demand forecasts, the Company has continued
be no assurance that the Company is immune to cyberattacks. The markets for TSMC’s foundry services are highly competitive. 25% and 26% of the Company’s net revenue in the respective
to add capacity to meet market needs for its products and
The Company competes with other foundry service providers, year. TSMC’s second largest customer in 2019, 2020 and 2021
services, including in Taiwan, in Nanjing, China, in Arizona,
In addition, TSMC employs certain third-party service providers as well as a number of integrated device manufacturers. accounted for 14%, 12% and 10% of TSMC’s net revenue in
U.S., and in Kumamoto, Japan.
for itself and its affiliates worldwide with whom it needs to Some of these companies may have access to more advanced the respective year.
128 129

--- Page 67 ---

A more concentrated customer base will subject TSMC’s turmoil, including military conflicts and inflation occurring by limited supply and long delivery cycles. During such times, of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those
revenue to seasonal demand fluctuations from the Company’s within the country of origin of such raw materials may also supplier-specific or industry-wide lead times for delivery can be semiconductors by its customers may infringe their patents
large customers, and cause different seasonal patterns in the significantly disrupt the availability of such raw materials or longer than previously expected and the cost of ownership may or other intellectual property rights. Because of the nature
Company’s business. This customer concentration results in increase their prices. Also, since TSMC procures some of its raw intrinsically increase. of the industry, its market position, and the expansion of its
part from the changing dynamics of the electronics industry materials from sole-sourced suppliers, there is a risk that the manufacturing operations outside of Taiwan, the Company
with the structural shift to mobile devices and applications and Company’s needs for such raw materials may not be met or To better manage its supply chain, the Company has may receive an increased number of such communications
software that provide the content for such devices. that back-up supplies may not be readily available. Importation implemented various collaborative business models and in the future. The assertions made and lawsuits initiated by
and domestic production limitations may also limit our ability to risk management contingencies with suppliers to ensure litigious, well-funded, non-practicing entities are particularly
There are only a limited number of customers who are obtain adequate supplies of raw materials as well as materials supply and shorten the procurement lead times. However, if aggressive in their monetary demand and in seeking
successfully exploiting this new business model paradigm. Also, of the necessary quality. In addition, recent trade tensions could TSMC is unable to timely acquire the equipment and parts court-issued injunctions. Such lawsuits and assertions may
TSMC has seen the changes of nature in its customers’ business result in increased prices or even unavailability of raw materials needed, the Company may fail to successfully implement its increase TSMC’s cost of doing business and may potentially
models in response to this new business model paradigm. due to tariffs, export control or other non-tariff barriers. TSMC’s capacity expansion plans and exploit time sensitive business be extremely disruptive if these asserting entities succeed in
For example, there is a growing trend toward the system revenue and earnings could decline if it is unable to obtain opportunities. Additionally, ongoing trade tensions or blocking the trade of products made and services offered
companies developing their own designed semiconductors and adequate supplies of the necessary raw materials in a timely protectionist measures could result in increased prices for, or by TSMC. Also, with the expansion of its manufacturing
working directly with semiconductor foundries which makes manner or if there are significant increases in the costs of raw even unavailability of, key equipment, including as a result of operations into certain non-R.O.C jurisdictions, it has faced
their products and services more marketable in a changing materials. To reduce the supply chain risk and to manage the necessary export licenses being delayed or denied, additional increased challenges in managing risks of intellectual property
consumer market. cost effectively, TSMC commits resources toward developing export control measures, and other tariff or non-tariff barriers. misappropriation. Despite our efforts to adopt robust measures
new supply sources. Further, the Company continually If TSMC is unable to obtain equipment in a timely manner to to mitigate the risk of intellectual property misappropriation
Also, since the global semiconductor industry is becoming encourages its suppliers to reduce their supply chain risk by fulfill its customers’ demand on technology and production in such new jurisdictions, we cannot guarantee that the
increasingly competitive, some of TSMC’s customers have decentralizing production plants and to improve their cost capacity, or at a reasonable cost, its financial condition and protection measures we adopted will be sufficient to prevent
engaged in industry consolidations in order to remain competitiveness by moving their production facilities to Taiwan results of operations could be negatively impacted. us from potential infringements by others, or at all.
competitive. Such consolidations have taken the form of from higher-cost areas.
mergers and acquisitions. If more of TSMC’s major customers Risks Associated with Intellectual Property Rights If the Company fails to obtain or maintain certain technologies
consolidate, this will further decrease the overall number of the Given that qualified backup suppliers are hard to find, TSMC The Company’s ability to compete successfully and to achieve or intellectual property licenses or fails to prevent our
Company’s customer pool. In addition, regulatory restrictions, engages early and extensively with primary suppliers on future growth depends in part on the continued strength intellectual property from being misappropriated and, if
such as export control directed at TSMC’s major customers, managing quality and capacity issues so as to be prepared for of its intellectual property portfolio. While the Company litigation relating to alleged intellectual property matters
could impact the Company’s ability to supply products to any unexpected need to ramp up or curtail production when actively enforces and protects our intellectual property rights, occurs, it could: (1) prevent the Company from manufacturing
those customers, reduce those customers’ demand for TSMC’s the Company lacks sufficient time to re-tune its production there can be no assurance that its efforts will be adequate particular products or selling particular services or applying
products and services and impact their business operations. process. For leading technology nodes, TSMC not only adopts to prevent the misappropriation or improper use of its particular technologies; and (2) reduce our ability to compete
world-class processes and facilities but also requires world-class proprietary technologies, patents, software, trade secrets or effectively against entities benefiting from our misappropriated
The loss of, or significant curtailment of purchases by, one or materials. To streamline supply chain risk, the Company has know-how. Also, the Company cannot assure you that, as intellectual property, which could reduce its opportunities to
more of the Company’s top customers, including curtailments increased supplier site audits and meetings to extend supply its business or business models expand into new areas, it will generate revenue.
due to increased competitive pressures, heightened regulatory chain best practices to its upstream suppliers. In addition, be able to develop independently the technologies, patents,
scrutiny, industry consolidation, changes in applicable in response to the rapid increase or decrease in production software, trade secrets or know-how necessary to conduct its The Company has taken related measures to minimize potential
regulatory restrictions, product designs, manufacturing capacity of new products, TSMC has continued to improve its business or that it can do so without unknowingly infringing loss of shareholder value arising from intellectual property
sourcing or outsourcing policies or practices of these inventory monitoring system to achieve more accurate demand the intellectual property rights of others. As a result, the claims and litigation filed against it. These measures include:
customers, or the timing of customer or distributor inventory forecasts and ensure that the supply chain maintains sufficient Company may have to rely on, to a certain degree, licensed strategically obtaining licenses from certain semiconductor
adjustments, or changes in its major customers’ business inventory levels. The Company has established a supply chain technologies and patent licenses from others. To the extent and other technology companies as needed; timely securing
models, may adversely affect TSMC’s results of operations and risk assessment to ensure that critical suppliers meet various that the Company relies on licenses from others, there can intellectual property rights originating within and outside
financial condition. standards in labor, ethics, ESH (environmental, safety and be no assurance that it will be able to obtain any or all of the of TSMC for defensive and/or offensive protection of TSMC
health) and BCP (business continuity plan). Onsite audits are necessary licenses in the future on terms it considers reasonable technology and business; and aggressively defending against
Risks Associated with Purchasing Concentration conducted regularly to encourage suppliers to take responsibility or at all. The lack of necessary licenses could expose the baseless litigation.
● Raw Materials for their supply chain, as any regulatory violations or adverse Company to claims for damages and/or injunctions from third
TSMC’s production operations require that it obtain environmental impact event, or failure to meet sustainability parties, as well as claims for indemnification by its customers Risks Associated with Litigious and Non-litigious Matters
adequate supplies of raw materials, such as silicon wafers, requirements could result in business reduction or termination. in instances where it has contractually agreed to indemnify its As is the case with many companies in the semiconductor
gases, chemicals, and photoresist, on a timely basis and at customers against damages resulting from infringement claims. industry, the Company has received from time to time
commercially reasonable prices. In the past, shortages in the ● Equipment communications from third parties asserting that its
supply of some materials, whether by specific vendors or by the The Company’s operations and ongoing expansion plans The Company has received, from time to time, communications technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design
semiconductor industry generally, have resulted in occasional depend on its ability to obtain an appropriate amount of from third parties, including non-practicing entities of the semiconductors made by TSMC or the use of those
industry-wide price adjustments and delivery delays. Moreover, equipment and related services from a limited number of and semiconductor companies, asserting that TSMC’s semiconductors by its customers may infringe upon their
major natural disasters, trade barriers and political or economic suppliers in a market that is characterized from time to time technologies, its manufacturing processes, or the design IPs patents or other intellectual property rights. These assertions
130 131

--- Page 68 ---

have at times resulted in litigation by or against the Company trust. The Company’s positive image also reflects outstanding With its global reputation in mind, TSMC employs numerous ● Interest Rate Fluctuation
and settlement payments by the Company. Irrespective of the operations, rigorous corporate governance and dedication preventative measures to address potential risks from TSMC is exposed to interest rate risks primarily in relation to its
validity of these claims, the Company could incur significant to social responsibility by serving as a good corporate citizen. earthquakes, fires, IT service disruption, yield loss, information investment portfolio and outstanding debt. Changes in interest
costs in the defense thereof or could suffer adverse effects TSMC continues to pursue innovation in the economic, security, supply chain disruption, pandemics, environmental rates affect the interest earned on the Company’s cash and
on its operations. The Company is also subject to antitrust environmental and social dimensions. events, and utility supply disruption. TSMC sets crisis response cash equivalents and fixed income securities, the fair value of
compliance requirements and scrutiny by governmental and recovery measures according to possible crisis events and those securities, as well as the interest paid on its debt.
regulators in multiple jurisdictions. Any adverse results of such In 2021, TSMC was honored with numerous awards for maintains a “TSMC crisis command center control instruction“
proceeding or other similar proceedings that may arise in achievements in operations, corporate governance, patents, as well as a “TSMC emergency response procedure“ to The objective of TSMC’s investment policy is to achieve a
those jurisdictions could harm TSMC’s business and distract its profit growth, investor relations, environmental protection, establish its emergency response command structure. TSMC return that will allow the Company to preserve principal and
management, and thereby have a material adverse effect on its corporate sustainability and other fields. These included: the also performs regular exercises for crisis scenarios to ensure support liquidity requirements. The policy generally requires the
results of operations or prospects, and subject the Company to inaugural Terra Carta Seal Award launched by HRH The Prince that crisis response procedures are comprehensive. In 2021, Company to invest in investment grade securities and limits the
potential significant legal liability. of Wales’ Sustainable Markets Initiative; the Taiwan Institute TSMC received a rating of “low risk” from the Sustainalytics amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. TSMC’s cash and
for Sustainable Energy 2021 Taiwan Corporate Sustainability ESG Risk Rating. cash equivalents, as well as fixed income investments in both
In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC is not Awards’ Most Prestigious Sustainability Award – Top Ten fixed- and floating-rate securities, carry a degree of interest
currently a party to any material legal proceedings. Domestic Corporates, Best Sustainability Report Award, Cyclical TSMC holds monthly meetings of the Environment, Safety and rate risk. The majority of TSMC’s fixed income investments
Economy Leadership Award, Supply Chain Leadership Award, Health Committee, which coordinates relevant departments are fixed-rate securities, which are classified as financial assets
Risks Associated with Mergers and Acquisitions and Information Security Leadership Award; First Place in in each fab to conduct regular emergency response drills at fair value through other comprehensive income, and may
In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC had CommonWealth Magazine’s Excellence in Corporate Social and continuously improve their notification and operational have their fair value adversely affected due to a rise in interest
not conducted any merger or acquisition. Responsibility Award for Large-Cap companies; ranked top 5% procedures to ensure clear channels of communication to rates. At the same time, if interest rates fall, cash and cash
in the Taiwan Stock Exchange corporate governance evaluation; stakeholders in crisis management, with the public relations equivalents as well as floating-rate securities may generate less
Risks Associated with Recruiting Quality Personnel member of Fortune Magazine’s 2021 World’s Most Admired department serving as the designated gateway for external interest income than expected.
TSMC relies on the continued service and contribution of its Companies and the 2021 Global 500; the R.O.C. Ministry of communications.
management team, skilled technical and professional personnel. Economic Affairs Industrial Development Bureau’s Energy TSMC has entered and may in the future enter into interest
The Company’s business could suffer from the inability to fulfill Conservation Benchmark Award; the R.O.C. Environmental In the event of an emergency, all departments immediately rate derivatives to partially hedge interest rate risk on its fixed
personnel needs with high quality professionals in a timely Protection Administration’s Enterprise Green Procurement deploy emergency response measures to eliminate or minimize income investments and anticipated debt issuance. However,
fashion caused by the loss of personnel, illegal talent poaching, Award; membership in the Corporate Knights 100 Most impact on personnel safety, the surrounding environment, these hedges can offset only a limited portion of the financial
immigration controls, or related changes in market demand Sustainable Corporations for 2021; membership in the 2021 company property and manufacturing operations. Responders impact from movements in interest rates.
for its products and services. Since there is fierce competition Carbon Clean 200 list by Corporate Knights and As You Sow; also alert the public relations department at the earliest
for talent recruitment, the Company cannot ensure timely and membership in the Time Magazine 100 Most Influential stages of response to ensure timely, clear and consistent All of the Company’s short-term debt is floating-rate, hence
fulfillment of its personnel demand. Companies. In addition, TSMC was selected as a part of the communication regarding the situation. a rise in interest rates may result in higher interest expense
Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for the 21st consecutive year. than expected. The majority of its long-term debt is fixed-rate
In order to reduce the risk of talent recruitment challenges, Risks Associated with Change in Management and measured at amortized cost and, as such, changes in
TSMC encourages job rotation and employs an on-the-job As TSMC strives to excel in corporate social responsibility, In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, there were interest rates would not affect future cash flows or the carrying
training and certification system. In this way, employees can the Company also encourages employees to make innovative no such risks for TSMC. amount.
learn and enhance their work efficiency and effectiveness in the breakthroughs in how they think about things and do things,
actual workplace. Moreover, TSMC creates multiple recruitment as well as nurture their empathy and broaden their horizons. 6.3.4 Financial Risks Certain of TSMC’s fixed income investments are primarily based
channels and continues to hire various top-notch, talented In 2021, the ESG Steering Committee, led by Chairman Dr. on the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR), which will be
Economic Risks
professionals from Taiwan and overseas. At the same time, the Mark Liu, held the second “TSMC ESG AWARD,” taking replaced by alternative benchmark rates after June 30, 2023.
Any future systemic political, economic or financial crisis or
Company continues to expand industry-academic cooperation tangible action to encourage all employees to propose ideas The transition from LIBOR to alternative benchmark rates might
market volatility, including but not limited to interest rate
to meet outstanding talented individuals at an early Phase in for sustainability in the five ESG strategic directions, including result in a reduction in TSMC’s interest income.
and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, inflation or deflation
order to recruit them in the future. green manufacturing, building a responsible supply chain,
and changes in economic, fiscal and monetary policies in
creating a diverse & inclusive workplace, talent development, ● F oreign Exchange Volatility
major economies, could cause revenue or profits for the
Future R&D Plans and Expected R&D Spending and caring for the disadvantaged. The award further motivates Substantially all of TSMC’s sales are denominated in U.S. dollars
semiconductor industry as a whole to decline dramatically,
For additional details, see “5.2.7 Future R&D Plans” on pages TSMC colleagues to think innovatively about their work and and over half of its capital expenditures are denominated in
and if the economic conditions or financial conditions of the
95-96 of this Annual Report. implement corporate social responsibility. Compared with 785 currencies other than the NT dollar, primarily in U.S. dollars,
Company’s customers were to deteriorate, the demand for its
sustainability proposals in the first year, the second annual ESG Euros and Japanese yen. As a result, any significant fluctuations
products and services may decrease and additional accounting
Changes in Corporate Reputation and Impact on Award received 1,257 innovative ideas, adding new energy to to its disadvantage in the exchange rate of the NT dollar
related allowances may be required, which could reduce our
Company’s Crisis Management the Company’s culture of sustainability. against such currencies, in particular a weakening of the U.S.
operating income and net income.
TSMC has established an excellent reputation based on its core dollar against the NT dollar, would have an adverse impact on
values of integrity, commitment, innovation and customer the Company’s revenue and operating profit as expressed in NT
132 133

--- Page 69 ---

dollars. For example, every one percent depreciation of the U.S. an adverse effect on its operating results. Further changes in whenever triggering events or changes in circumstances TSMC’s operations. In response, TSMC implemented its
dollar against the NT dollar would result in an approximately the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of indicate that the asset may be impaired. If certain criteria are business continuity plans, including water conservation
0.4 percentage point decrease in the Company’s operating the base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS) project that was met, TSMC is required to record an impairment charge. TSMC measures, the use of more secured water sources, water
margin based on its 2021 results. undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation is not able to estimate the extent or timing of any impairment supplied by tank cars, stress tests and various exercises. As a
and Development (OECD). These changes may increase tax charge for future years. Any impairment charge required may result, there was no material impact to TSMC’s business or
Conversely, if the U.S. dollar appreciates significantly versus uncertainty and have an adverse effect on TSMC’s operating have a material adverse effect on the Company’s net income. operational performance.
other major currencies, the demand for the products and results.
services of TSMC’s customers and for its goods and services The determination of an impairment charge at any given TSMC has occasionally suffered power outages or surges in
will likely decrease, which will negatively affect the Company’s In order to control tax risk, the Company closely monitors time is mainly based on the projected results of operations Taiwan caused by difficulties encountered by its electricity
revenue. all domestic and foreign governmental policies and over several years subsequent to that time. Consequently, an supplier, the Taiwan Power Company, or other power
regulations that might impact its financial operations. TSMC impairment charge is more likely to occur during a period consumers on the same power grid. Some of these have
TSMC uses foreign currency derivative contracts, such as has established risk management procedures to collect when the Company’s operating results are otherwise already resulted in interruptions to our operations. Such shortages or
currency forwards or currency swaps, to protect against information, analyze potential tax implications, and develop depressed. See “Note 5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS interruptions in electricity supply could further be exacerbated
currency exchange rate risks associated with non-NT-dollar- countermeasures. AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND UNCERTAINTY” in by changes in the energy policy of the government, which
denominated assets and liabilities and certain forecasted Annual Report section (II), Financial Statements for a discussion intends to make Taiwan a nuclear-free country by 2025. If the
transactions. These hedges reduce, but do not entirely Risks Associated with External Financing of how TSMC assesses if an impairment charge is required and, TSMC is unable to secure reliable and uninterrupted supply of
eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate In times of market instability, sufficient external financing if so, how the amount is determined. electricity to power its manufacturing fabs within Taiwan, its
movements on its assets and liabilities. may not be available to the Company on a timely basis, or on ability to fill customers’ orders would be severely jeopardized.
commercially reasonable terms to the Company, or at all. If 6.3.5 Hazardous Risks
Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar sufficient external financing is not available when TSMC needs If such events were to occur over prolonged periods of
The frequency and severity of disruptive events, including
and the NT dollar may affect the U.S. dollar value of the such financing to meet its capital requirements, the Company time, TSMC’s operations and financial performance may be
damaging earthquakes, other natural disasters and extreme
Company’s common shares and the market price of the may be forced to curtail its expansion, modify plans or delay materially adversely affected.
weather, have been increasing in part due to climate change or
Company’s American Depositary Shares (ADSs) as well as any the deployment of new or expanded services until it obtains
systemic regional geological changes. TSMC has manufacturing
cash dividends paid in NT dollar on TSMC’s common shares such financing. TSMC’s future capacity expansions in the R.O.C. and elsewhere
and other operations, and is expanding its production capacity,
represented by ADSs. could be curtailed by shortages in water and electricity.
in locations that may experience natural disasters, such as
Risks Associated with High-Risk/Highly Leveraged
flooding, earthquakes, tsunamis, typhoons, and droughts that
● Inflation Investments; Lending, Endorsements, and Guarantees The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may materially adversely
may cause interruptions or shortages in the supply of utilities,
If inflation continues running higher, the Federal Reserve would for Other Parties; and Financial Derivative Transactions affect TSMC’s business and results of operations in several
such as water and electricity, which in turn could disrupt
take tightening monetary policy which could result in higher In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC ways, including but not limited to: (1) interruption of the
operations. In addition, TSMC’s suppliers and customers also
interest rates, adversely affecting the fair value of TSMC's fixed made no high-risk or highly leveraged financial investments. operations of TSMC’s supply chains for equipment, parts and
have operations in such locations. For example, most of TSMC’s
income investments and causing higher interest expenses of All financial derivative transactions engaged by TSMC were materials in terms of manufacturing, logistics, and manpower
production facilities, as well as those of many of its suppliers
future debt issuance. In order to control the interest rate risk, strictly for hedging and not for trading or speculative purposes. arrangements for tool installation; (2) significant fluctuation
and customers and upstream providers of complementary
TSMC closely monitors the market development and monetary All guarantees and intercompany loans provided by TSMC in TSMC customers’ demands for certain products, leading to
semiconductor manufacturing services, are located in Taiwan
policy. TSMC has entered – and may in the future enter – into and TSMC’s subsidiaries were solely for TSMC and/or TSMC’s uncertainties for TSMC’s capacity planning and also for meeting
and Japan, areas susceptible to earthquakes, tsunamis,
interest rate derivatives to partially hedge the interest rate risk wholly-owned subsidiaries. All guarantees and intercompany customer demand, which may harm TSMC’s business with its
flooding, typhoons, and droughts from time to time that may
on its fixed income investments and anticipated debt issuance. loans were in compliance with relevant rules and regulations. customers and subject TSMC to the risk of legal disputes; and
cause shortages of electricity or water, or interruptions to
(3) potential production delays for TSMC’s products due to
TSMC’s operations.
● Amendments to Tax Regulations or Implementation of To manage risks of various financial transactions, TSMC has forced factory or office closures or partial operation.
New Tax Laws established internal control policies and procedures based on
Thus, if one or more natural disasters result in a prolonged
Any amendments to existing tax regulations or the sound financial and business practices, all in compliance with TSMC has formed an “Epidemic Prevention Committee” to
disruption to TSMC’s operations or those of its customers or
implementation of any new tax laws in the jurisdictions in the relevant rules and regulations issued by the R.O.C. Financial identify, implement and monitor actions stemming from
suppliers, or if any of its fabs or vendor facilities were to be
which TSMC operates its business may have an adverse effect Supervisory Commission. TSMC’s policies and procedures the dynamic exigencies of the pandemic, including but not
damaged or cease operations as a result of an explosion or fire,
on its net income. include “Procedures for Financial Derivatives Transactions,” limited to, health management of TSMC’s employees, splitting
it could reduce the TSMC’s manufacturing capacity and cause
“Procedures for Lending Funds to Other Parties,” “Procedures operation and work from home arrangements, identification
the loss of important customers and thereby have an adverse,
While the Company is subject to tax laws and regulations for Acquisition or Disposal of Assets,” and “Procedures for and control of high risk individuals, rapid investigation of
material impact on its operational and financial performance.
in various jurisdictions in which it operates or conducts Endorsement and Guarantee.” confirmed cases, management of production inventory, supply
business, TSMC’s principal operations are in the R.O.C. and it chain management, and capacity management for demand
In 2021, Taiwan faced one of the worst droughts in decades.
is exposed primarily to taxes levied by the R.O.C. government. Risks Associated with Impairment Charges changes. In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report,
To cope with such severe weather events, the government
Any unfavorable changes of tax laws and regulations in this Under Taiwan-IFRSs, TSMC is required to evaluate its tangible TSMC’s current business and results of operations have not
placed restrictions on the supply and usage of water by
jurisdiction could increase TSMC’s effective tax rate and have assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets for impairment been materially affected by the pandemic. However, there is no
industrial companies such as TSMC, which could also disrupt
certainty that the measures TSMC has taken will be sufficient
134 135

--- Page 70 ---

to mitigate further risks posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, risk management and insurance coverage may not always Complying with applicable laws and regulations, such as regions – such as the increase of tariffs on certain products, the
and TSMC’s ability to perform critical functions and to meet be sufficient to cover all of its potential losses. If any of environmental and climate related laws and regulations, could implementation of import and export controls, or the adoption
customers’ needs could be materially adversely affected as a TSMC’s fabs or vendor facilities were to be damaged or cease also require TSMC, among other things, to do the following: of other trade barriers – could affect TSMC sales or those of its
result. In addition, there is also a risk that any post-pandemic operations as a result of an explosion, fire or environmental (1) purchase, use or install remedial equipment; (2) implement customers and thereby affect the Company’s operating results.
downward changes in consumers’ demand for electronic causes, it could reduce the TSMC’s manufacturing capacity remedial programs such as climate change mitigation TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
products may, in turn, lead to reduced demand for and place leading to the loss of important sales and customers and have programs; (3) modify its product designs and manufacturing and measures among the relevant major economies and
downward pressure on the price of our products and services. a negative impact on TSMC’s financial performance. In addition processes, or incur other significant expenses such as obtaining will take appropriate actions in accordance with subsequent
to periodic fire-protection inspections and firefighting drills, renewable energy sources, renewable energy certificates or developments.
TSMC maintains a comprehensive risk management system TSMC has also carried out a corporate-wide fire risk mitigation carbon credits, substitute raw materials or chemicals that may
dedicated to human safety, the conservation of natural project focused on managerial and hardware improvements. cost more or be less available for the Company’s operations. In May 2020 and again in August 2020, the U.S. tightened its
resources and the protection of property. In order to export control measures against Huawei Technology Co. Ltd.
cope effectively with emergencies and natural disasters, 6.3.6 R isks Regarding Non-Compliance with Export TSMC’s inability to timely obtain approvals necessary for and its affiliates (collectively, “Huawei”), including an expanded
management at each facility has developed comprehensive Control, Environmental and Climate Change the conduct of its business could impair its operational and license requirement for providing Huawei with items subject
plans and procedures that focus on risk prevention, Related Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure financial results. For example, if the Company is unable to to the U.S. export control jurisdiction. To comply with relevant
emergency response, crisis management and business to Timely Obtain Requisite Approvals Necessary for timely obtain environmental related approvals needed to laws and regulations, we have discontinued shipment of
continuity. All TSMC manufacturing fabs have been ISO Conducting Business undertake the development and construction of a new fab products to Huawei since September 15, 2020. On the other
14001 certified (environmental management) and ISO 45001 or expansion project, then such inability may delay, limit, or hand, measures adopted by an affected country to counteract
Because TSMC engages in manufacturing activities in multiple
certified (occupational health and safety management). All increase the cost of its expansion plans that could also in turn impacts of another country’s actions or regulations could
jurisdictions and conducts business with its customers
manufacturing fabs in Taiwan have also been TOSHMS (Taiwan adversely affect its business and operational results. In light lead to significant legal liability to multinational corporations
located worldwide, such activities are subject to a myriad of
Occupational Safety and Health Management System) certified. of increased public interest in environmental issues, TSMC’s including our own. For example, in January 2021, China
governmental regulations. For example, the manufacturing,
New fabs will also attain the above certifications within 18 operations and expansion plans may be adversely affected or adopted a blocking statute that, among other matters, entitles
assembling and testing of TSMC’s products require the
months after acquiring factory registration certification. delayed responding to public concern and social environmental Chinese entities incurring damages from a multinational’s
use of metals, chemicals, and materials that are subject
pressures even if the Company complies with all applicable compliance with foreign laws to seek civil remedies.
to environmental, climate-related, health and safety, and
TSMC has further strengthened its business continuity laws and regulations. Additionally, in February 2022, several countries and regions
humanitarian conflict-free sourcing laws, regulations and
management, which includes periodic risk assessment, risk began to impose various measures, including sanctions and
guidelines issued worldwide.
mitigation, and the establishment of emergency taskforces TSMC believes that climate change should be regarded as a export controls, against Russia, including certain individuals
when necessary, combined with the preparation of a thorough significant corporate risk that must be managed to improve and entities, as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine.
The Company’s failure to comply with any such laws or
analysis of an emergency, its impact, alternative actions, and competitiveness. For TSMC’s climate change related risks Imposition of trade barriers, including protectionist measures,
regulations, as amended from time to time, or its failure to
solutions for each possible scenario together with appropriate and control measures, see the “Climate Change and Energy sanctions and import and export controls, could increase our
comply with any information or document sharing requests
precautionary and/or recovery measures. Each taskforce is Management“ section under “7.2.1 Environmental Protection“ manufacturing costs, limit our access to certain supplies and
from the relevant authorities in a timely manner could result in:
given the responsibility of ensuring TSMC’s ability to minimize on page 146-147 of this Annual Report. make our pricing less competitive.
personal injury, business disruption and financial impact under ● significant penalties and legal liabilities, such as the denial
of import or export permits, or third-party private lawsuits,
the circumstances. TSMC periodically reviews its business 6.3.7 Other Risks In 2021 and as of the date of this annual report, our current
criminal or administrative proceedings;
continuity plans and revises them according to exercise results results of operations have not been materially affected.
and implementation. ● the temporary or permanent suspension of production of the Potential Impact and Risks Associated with Sales of Nevertheless, depending on future developments of global
affected products; Significant Numbers of Shares by TSMC’s Directors, and/
trade tensions, such relevant regulations, rules, or measures
In response to the impact of the earthquake that occurred in ● the temporary or permanent inability to procure or use or Shareholders Who Own 10% or More of TSMC’s Total may have an adverse impact on our business and operations,
certain production critical chemicals or materials; Outstanding Shares
Taiwan, TSMC continued to improve its earthquake emergency and we may incur significant legal liability and financial losses
response, tool anchorage and seismic isolation facilities, and ● unfavorable alterations in TSMC’s manufacturing, fabrication The value of TSMC shareholders’ investment may be reduced as a result.
and assembly and test processes; by possible future sales of TSMC shares owned by major
readiness for tool salvage and production recovery. These
improvements have also been integrated into new fab design. ● challenges from its customers that place TSMC at a significant shareholders. TSMC continues to monitor the recent shifts in trade policies
competitive disadvantage, such as loss of actual or potential
TSMC’s business continuity procedures were further enhanced and measures among the relevant major economies and will
sales contracts in case the Company is unable to satisfy the As of the date of this Annual Report, no single shareholder
through the compliance with ISO 22301. take corresponding responsive actions in accordance with
applicable legal standard or customer requirement; owned 10% or more of TSMC’s total outstanding shares.
subsequent developments.
TSMC and many of its suppliers use flammable and toxic ● restrictions on TSMC’s operations or sales;
materials in their manufacturing processes and are therefore ● loss of tax benefits, including termination of current tax Risks of Trade Policies Other Material Risks
incentives, disqualification of tax credit application and As TSMC’s revenue is primarily derived from sales to customers
subject to risks that cannot be completely eliminated arising In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC’s
repayment of the tax benefits that the Company are not in major global markets (please refer to “2.2.4 TSMC Position,
from explosion, fire, or environmental influences. Although management was not aware of any other risk that could
entitled to; and Differentiation and Strategy” on page 14-16 of this annual
TSMC maintains multiple layers of risk prevention and potentially have a material impact on the financial status of the
protection, as well as fire and casualty insurance, TSMC’s ● damages to TSMC’s goodwill and reputation. report), any changes in the trade policies of major economic Company.
136 137

--- Page 71 ---

113388 113399

--- Page 72 ---

Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) results. In 2021, TSMC focused primarily on climate change strategy (including net zero emission, carbon footprint, and supply
7.
chain carbon emission management), human rights protection under the pandemic, maintaining a diverse and inclusive workplace,
making sustainability disclosures and performing sustainable culture advocacy (i.e., TSMC ESG awards). At the same time, to attract
and retain corporate executives and to link their compensation with shareholders’ interests and ESG achievements, the Board of
Directors approved 2021 Employee Restricted Stock Awards Rules and the issuance of 2021 employee restricted stock awards
7.1 Overview
(RSAs). The issuance of the RSAs was approved at the 2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The number of shares to be vested
As a global leader in the semiconductor industry, TSMC is dedicated to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues. The by corporate executives will be subject to a modifier to increase or decrease up to 10% based on the Compensation Committee’s
Company collaborates with all stakeholders – employees, shareholders, customers, suppliers, government and society – to drive evaluation of the Company’s ESG achievements.
positive change for society by pursuing three primary missions: acting with integrity, strengthening environmental protection, and
caring for the disadvantaged. Stakeholder Engagement
TSMC respects all stakeholders’ rights and interests in sustainability issues. The Company thus deploys multiple communication
Guidance for the Implementation of ESG venues for stakeholders to express ESG opinions and concerns including the “Contact Us” section of the corporate website, the
In keeping with its vision of Uplifting Society, TSMC’s ESG policy is the overarching guiding principle for sustainable development. ESG website and the ESG mailbox, the Irregular Business Conduct Reporting System, as well as the Supply Chain Worker Grievance
The ESG Matrix, set by TSMC’s founder Dr. Morris Chang, clearly defines the scope of the Company’s ESG responsibility. The Channel. Through identification, prioritization and validation, TSMC manages and addresses stakeholders’ concerns.
horizontal axis shows the seven areas where TSMC strives to demonstrate its ESG commitment: morality, business ethics, economy,
rule of law, sustainability, work/life balance and happiness, and philanthropy. On the vertical axis are actions that TSMC has taken to Stakeholders and Communication Channels in 2021
fulfill these commitments.
Stakeholders Communication Channels
Employees ●C ommunications and working meetings throughout all levels and all units of the Company
TSMC ESG Matrix ●C orporate intranet, internal emails, and other announcement channels (such as promotion posters at facilities)
●H uman resources team
TSMC Society Morality Business Ethics Economy Rule of Law Sustainability W B o a r la k n /L c i e fe Philanthropy ● ● E R   m eg p u lo la y r e a e n t d ra a in d i - n h g o c a n c d o m cl m as u sr n o ic o a m ti o c n o u m rs e e e s tings, such as Manager Development Consulting Committee, Operations Engineer Training Committee, Manufacturing
Happiness Department Technical Committee, Proprietary Information Protection (PIP) Committee, etc.
●E mployee suggestion channels, such as immediate response system, employee opinion box, Wellness Center, wellness website, employee PIP & IT Security mailbox and
Integrity V V hot line, etc.
Law Compliance V
●O mbudsman system
●W histleblower procedures
Anti-Corruption ●E mployee Welfare Committee event questionnaire survey
Anti-Bribery V V V ●T he biennial “Employee Opinion Survey on Company Core Values” and “Employee Engagement Survey”
Anti-Cronyism ●T SMC Human Rights Policy courses
●A nnual “Ethics and Compliance” training course online regulatory compliance program that includes Insider Trading, Export Control & Antitrust (unfair competition)
Environmental Protection
Climate Control V V Shareholders/Investors ●A nnual general meeting of shareholders
Energy Conservation ●Q uarterly earnings conference call
●Investor conferences
Corporate Governance V V V ●F ace-to-face meetings, video conference call and telephone conference call
Provide Well-Paying Jobs V V ●E mails
●A nnual reports, Sustainability reports, 20-F filings to US SEC
Good Shareholder Return V ●M aterial announcements to Taiwan Stock Exchange, and corporate press releases on the Company’s website
Employees’ Work-Life Balance V Customers ●C ustomer satisfaction survey
Encourage Innovation V V
●C ustomer meetings
●C ustomer audits
Good Work Environment V ●B usiness and technology assessment
●E mail responses to the issues that customers are concerned
TSMC Charity Foundation V V V
Suppliers/Contractors ●S upplier meetings
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation V V V ●S upply Chain Security Association Meetings
●E nvironmental, Safety, and Health Training Program - Experience Sharing Workshops
●S upplier Ethics and Code of Conduct Promotion
ESG Management ●O n-site consult and audit
●S upply Online 360 - Global responsible supply chain management platform
The ESG Steering Committee is committed to aligning TSMC closely with best practices in international sustainability. TSMC’s ●S upplier self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ)
Chairman leads the Steering committee, while the Chairperson of the ESG committee serves as Executive Secretary, and senior ●S upplier ethics survey
●S upply Chain Worker Grievance Channel
executives from a wide variety of functions – all working together to set the short-, medium- and long-term ESG strategic directions
Government ●O fficial correspondence and visits
that link to the UN’s sustainable development goals (SDGs). ●Industry experience and advice sharing, and keynote speeches
●M eetings (such as communication meetings, public hearings, forums, seminars or social gatherings)
●C ommunication platforms of the industry associations and NGOs
ESG Department coordinates quarterly meeting, on behalf of the ESG Committee that facilitates cross-divisional communication and Society ●A rts events in the communities
issue-based discussions among cross-organizational teams, where committee members jointly set the Company’s ESG strategies and ● ● S S   p p o o n n s s o o r r s s h h i i p p o o f f y c o h u ar t i h ty d p e r v o e j l e o c p t m s a e n n d t e e v m en er t g s ency aid
targets, identify key issues for the year, draft ESG-related budgets, coordinate resource deployment and carry out annual projects. ●S ponsorship of non-profit organizations to support educational projects
●P rofessorship endowments and student scholarships at universities
The committee pursues sustainability in the interest of all stakeholders and ensures the strategies are implemented effectively in daily ●P roject collaboration and visits
●S upport of non-profit organizations and institutions via monetary and in-kind donation, as well as providing necessary manpower for a good cause
operations. ●V olunteer activities and services
●T SMC ESG website, newsletters, mailbox and Facebook page
●T SMC Education and Culture Foundation and TSMC Charity Foundation websites
The Board of Directors supervises the Company’s sustainability management, strategies, and goals as well as performance ●“ Sending Love” charity platform
measurement. The ESG Committee Chairperson reports quarterly to the Board of Directors on the implementation of plans and
140 141

[TABLE START]

Stakeholders	Communication Channels
Society
TSMC	Morality	Business Ethics	Economy	Rule of Law	Sustainability	Work/Life
Balance
Happiness	Philanthropy
	V	V					
				V			
	V	V		V			
				V	V		
		V	V	V			
			V			V	
			V				
						V	
		V	V				
						V	
					V	V	
					V	V	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 73 ---

Responsibilities of ESG Steering Committee and ESG Committee Members TSMC has issued an annual non-financial report for the 23rd consecutive year. The TSMC Sustainability Report (formerly the
Corporate Social Responsibility Report) discloses ESG material issues identified following the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
Committee Members Responsibilities Stakeholders
standards and aligned with stakeholders’ feedback. Integrating Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) with ESG management, TSMC
Legal Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and Employees
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information Government/Industry demonstrates how the Company implements risk mitigation measures, addresses international & industry trends, and operates
Associations sustainably at TSMC Taiwan Facilities (headquarters, wafer fabs, back-end packaging fabs, and testing fabs located in Taiwan),
Society (Note)
TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, WaferTech in the United States, VisEra and other subsidiaries. In addition to GRI, the report also adopts
Customer Service Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of Customers
conduct Government/Industry the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD Recommendations) framework, Sustainability Accounting Standards
Associations
Board (SASB) reporting standards, AA 1000 Accountability Principle and is assured by DNV GL Business Assurance Co. Ltd. in
Information Technology and Materials & Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business Employees
Risk Management Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan Shareholders/Investors accordance with DNV VeriSustainTM protocol and GRI standards.
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors
Government/Industry The Company will continue to operate responsibly and with integrity regardless of future challenges. TSMC has adopted nine UN
Associations
Society Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), set 2030 long-term goals, and implemented approaches accordingly. Anchored in the
Quality and Reliability Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism Customers concept of Global Partnerships, SDG 17, TSMC collaborates with stakeholders as well as business partners of the value chain to
Suppliers/Contractors
create sustainable value for its stakeholders and is the only semiconductor company chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability World
Research and Development Innovation management, green products Employees
Customers Indices for the past 21 consecutive years.
Government/Industry
Associations
Suppliers/Contractors
2021 ESG Awards and Ratings
Business Development Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product Employees
innovations; establishing & promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and Customers
achievements Society Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Finance Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy Employees Overall ESG Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) ●Dow Jones Sustainability World Index for the 21st consecutive year
Shareholders/Investors ●Dow Jones Sustainability Emerging Markets Index
Customers
Suppliers/Contractors MSCI ESG Indexes ●MSCI ACWI ESG Leaders Index component
Government/Industry ●MSCI ESG Research – AAA Ratings
Associations ●MSCI ACWI SRI Index component
●MSCI ACWI Islamic Index component
Investor Relations Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual Shareholders/Investors ●MSCI Emerging Markets ESG Leaders Index
report production
Sustainalytics ●Company ESG Risk Ratings: Low ESG Risk – Semiconductor Industry
Operations Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing Customers
Shareholders/Investors ISS ESG ●“Prime” Rated by ISS ESG Corporate Rating
Suppliers/Contractors
Terra Carta Seal ●The Sustainable Markets Initiative
Environment, Safety and Health TSMC Environmental Policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy Employees
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response Shareholders/Investors FTSE4Good Index ●FTSE4Good Emerging Index component
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for Customers ●FTSE4Good All-World Index component
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion, Suppliers/Contractors ●FTSE4Good TIP Taiwan ESG Index component
communication of ESH regulations Government/Industry
Associations Corporate Knights ●Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations
Society
World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) ●SDG 2000 – The 2,000 Most Influential Companies
Human Resources Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights Employees
Government/Industry RobecoSAM (S&P Global) ●The Sustainability Yearbook Award 2021 – Silver Class
Associations
Society CommonWealth Magazine ●Excellence in Corporate Social Responsibility Award – Large cap –1st Place
TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Cultivate young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture Society Taiwan Institute of Sustainable Energy ●The Most Prestigious Sustainability Awards – Top Ten Domestic Corporates for the 6th consecutive year
●Sustainability Action Awards – Gold Award
TSMC Charity Foundation Philanthropy, community relations Society ●Best Sustainability Report Award
●English Report – Gold Award
Public Relations Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations Society ●Cyclical Economy Leadership Award
●Information Security Leadership Award
Note: Society includes community, non-governmental organizations, non-profit organizations and the public. ●Supply Chain Leadership Awards
(Continued)
142 143

[TABLE START]

Committee Members	Responsibilities	Stakeholders
	Corporate governance, code of conduct, legal compliance (including fair competition, privacy and personal information, and
protection for whistle-blowers), intellectual property, protection of confidential information	
	Customers’ service and satisfaction, customer trust, customer confidentiality, Responsible Business Alliance and its code of
conduct	
	Information security, materials and supply chain risk management, supplier management, conflict minerals, Responsible Business
Alliance and its code of conduct; risk management, crisis management, emergency response and action plan	
	Product quality and reliability, product recall mechanism	
	Innovation management, green products	
	Shaping an energy-efficient technology roadmap; building alliance with customers to foster smarter and greener product
innovations; establishing & promoting TSMC as a responsible technology thought leader, and sharing its experiences and
achievements	
	Financial disclosure, dividend policy, tax strategy	
	Resolving issues of stakeholder concern, establishing trusting long-term relationships, effective two-way communication, annual
report production	
	Operational eco-efficiency, pollution prevention, water resource risk management, green manufacturing	
	TSMC Environmental Policy and management system, climate change mitigation and adaption, pollution prevention, energy
consumption efficiency, carbon emissions and carbon rights management, product environmental responsibility, response
mechanism for environmental issues, environmental spending, green supply chain, policy and management systems for
occupational health and safety, workplace health and safety, occupational disease prevention and health promotion,
communication of ESH regulations	
	Diversity and inclusion, talent attraction and retention, talent development, human rights	
	Cultivate young generation, educational collaboration, promote arts and culture	
	Philanthropy, community relations	
	Stakeholder engagement, mechanism for reflecting issues of social concern, media relations	
Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI)	
	MSCI ESG Indexes	
	Sustainalytics	
	ISS ESG	
	Terra Carta Seal	
	FTSE4Good Index	
	Corporate Knights	
	World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA)	
	RobecoSAM (S&P Global)	
	CommonWealth Magazine	
	Taiwan Institute of Sustainable Energy	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 74 ---

7.2 E nvironmental, Safety and Health (ESH) addition, TSMC started a project for reducing usage of
Category Organization Awards and Ratings
Management hazardous substance N-methylpyrrolidinone (NMP) in 2016.
Economy, Governance TIME Magazine ●TIME100 Most Influential Companies
NMP usage in process has been reduced 75% by 2021
Institutional Investor Magazine ●Most Honored Company (Technology/Semiconductors) – All-Asia TSMC believes its environmental, safety and health practices
●Best Overall ESG (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia comparing to 2016, and the project will continue promoting
●Best CEO (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia must not only meet legal requirements but should also align
● ● B B e e s s t t C In F v O es ( t T o e r c R h e n l o at lo io g n y s / S P e r m og ic r o am nd ( u T c e t c o h rs n ) o – lo 1 g s y t / P S l e a m ce ic ( o b n u d y u -s c id to e r s a ) n – d 1 s s e t ll P - l s a id ce e ) ( b – u A y l - l s -A id s e ia and sell-side)- All-Asia with internationally recognized best practices. The Company’s for further reduction.
●Best Investor Relations Professional (Technology/Semiconductors) - 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia ESH policies aim to achieve “zero incident” and “environmental
●Best Investor Relations Team (Technology/Semiconductors) – 1st Place (buy-side and sell-side) – All-Asia Since 2011, TSMC has adopted the ISO 50001 Energy
sustainability” and to make TSMC a world-class organization in
IFI Claims ●2021 Top 50 US Patent Assignees Management System for continuous improvement in energy
environmental, safety and health management. The Company’s
Forbes ●The World’s Top 10 Largest Technology Companies in 2021 conservation. As of 2021, all TSMC and its subsidiaries’
●Global 2000 strategies for attaining these goals are to comply with
manufacturing facilities had received ISO 50001 Energy
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) ●FutureBrand Index component regulations, promote safety and health, strengthen recycling
Management System certification and maintained valid except
FORTUNE ● ● 2 Fo 0 r 2 tu 1 n W e o G r l l o d b ’s a M l 5 o 0 s 0 t Admired Companies a cu n l d tu p re o , l lu es t t io a n b li p s r h e v a e g n r t e io e n n , s m up a p na ly g c e h E a S in H , a ri n sk d s , f u in lf s i t ll i l i l t a s n re E la S t H e d for the WaferTech subsidiary in the U.S. WaferTech was
Brand Finance ●Tech 100 2021
corporate social responsibilities.
originally scheduled to receive the certification in 2021 but
certification was postponed to 2022 due to the impact of the
FinanceAsia ●Best Managed Listed Company
COVID-19 pandemic.
Asiamoney ●2021 Asia’s Outstanding Companies – Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment Sector for the 4th consecutive All TSMC and its subsidiaries’ manufacturing facilities have
year
received ISO 14001: 2015 certification for environmental
Business Today ●Top 1,000 Enterprises in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Mainland China Aiming to establish the healthiest possible workplace, in
management systems and ISO 45001: 2018 certification
Taiwan Stock Exchange ●Top 5% in Corporate Governance Evaluation of Listed Companies for the 7th consecutive year 2017 TSMC formed a corporate-level health promotion
for occupational safety and health management systems.
PricewaterhouseCoopers ●Global Top 100 Companies by market capitalization for the 9th consecutive year
All fabs in Taiwan have been certified by TOSHMS (Taiwan
committee led by managers at the vice president level, which
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan patent applications for the 6th consecutive year
Occupational Safety and Health Management System). All
will hold irregular meetings per occupational disease cases or
Property Office ●Ranked No.1 in Taiwan patent grants for the 2nd consecutive year certain needs. The committee members include site directors,
the above certifications are maintained valid. New facilities
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Industrial ●Taiwan Intellectual Property Management System (TIPS) AAA certification (The first and only company to receive the managers of safety and health department, and representatives
Bureau highest certification) are required to receive aforementioned certifications within
from wellness, HR and legal affairs divisions. External experts
Germany Federal Office for Information Security ●Common Criteria, ISO/IEC 15408 – EAL6 Site Certification – Fab 12B, Fab 14A, Fab14B, Fab 15B 18 months after receiving facility license per TSMC’s internal
have also been invited to discuss the potential risks of
British Standards Institution ●ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management Certification policy.
occupational diseases in the semiconductor manufacturing
Corporate Synergy Development Center ●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Gold Tower Award – Fab 3, Fab 8, Fab 14A, Corporate Information
Technology process and prevention plans for such diseases. To mitigate
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Silver Tower Award – Fab 8, Fab 15A, Fab 15B TSMC strives for continuous improvement and actively seeks
health risks to employees, suppliers and contractors in the
●Taiwan Continuous Improvement Award – Best Improvement Innovation Award – Fab 14A to enhance climate-change management, pollution prevention
workplace, TSMC has adopted rigorous safety and health
Environment, Safety and Health Corporate Knights & As You Sow ●2021 Carbon Clean 200TM List and control, power and resource conservation, waste reduction
control measures focused on preventing occupational injuries
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) ●2021 CDP Supplier Engagement Leaderboard and recycling, safety and health management, and fire and
●Water Security A Ratings and diseases and promoting employee safety, physical and
●Climate Change B Ratings explosion prevention as well as to minimize the impact of
mental health.
Alliance for Water Stewardship（AWS） ●“Platinum” class certification – Fab 5, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, Advanced Backend Fab 3 earthquake damage, so as to reduce overall environmental,
U.S. Green Building Council Leadership in Energy ●“Gold” class certification – Fab 18 P2, P3 Manufacturing Facility, Fab 18 P1 Office safety and health risks.
and Environmental Design (LEED) certification To minimize the supply chain risk and fulfill corporate social
UL 2799 ●Zero Waste to Landfill “Platinum” class certification – Fab 12
In order to meet regulatory and customer requirements for the
responsibility, TSMC not only follows ESH best practices
internally but also strives to improve the ESH performance of its
R.O.C. Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of ●Excellence in Voluntary Carbon Offsets Award – Fab 14A, Fab 15A
management of hazardous materials, TSMC has adopted the
Economic Affairs suppliers and contractors through audits and counselling.
IECQ QC 080000 Hazardous Substance Process Management
Environmental Protection Administration, Executive ●National Enterprise Environmental Protection Award
Yuan, R.O.C. (HSPM) System. All TSMC Fabs have been QC 080000 certified
TSMC uses priority work management and self-management
Society Cheers ●Ranked No.1 in Most Admired Companies to Young Generations for the 5th consecutive year and maintained valid since 2007. Through the establishment
to govern services provided by contractors. The Company
Forbes ●2021 World’s Best Employers of QC 080000, TSMC ensures that its products comply with
requires contractors performing level-one high-risk operations
R.O.C. Ministry of Culture ●The 15th Arts and Business Awards – Special Award – The Long-term Patron Award international regulatory and customer requirements, including
to complete certification for technicians and to establish
R.O.C. Ministry of Education ●Social Education Contributions Awards – Group Award the European Union’s “Restriction of Hazardous Substances
their own ISO 45001 safety and health management system.
(RoHS) Directive,” the EU’s “Registration, Evaluation,
The emphasis on self-management nurtures the sense of
Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH),” the
responsibility, with the goal of promoting safety awareness and
“Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone
technical improvement for all contractors in the industry. For
Layer,” the “halogen-free in electronic products” initiative,
onsite contractor personnel, TSMC has standardized courses
perfluorooctane sulfonates (PFOS), perfluorooctanoic acid
on safety and health and increased the frequency of such
(PFOA) and related substances restriction standards. In
144 145

[TABLE START]

Category	Organization	Awards and Ratings
	TIME Magazine	
	Institutional Investor Magazine	
	IFI Claims	
	Forbes	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC)	
	FORTUNE	
	Brand Finance	
	FinanceAsia	
	Asiamoney	
	Business Today	
	Taiwan Stock Exchange	
	PricewaterhouseCoopers	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Intellectual
Property Office	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs Industrial
Bureau	
	Germany Federal Office for Information Security	
	British Standards Institution	
	Corporate Synergy Development Center	
	Corporate Knights & As You Sow	
	Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP)	
	Alliance for Water Stewardship（AWS）	
	U.S. Green Building Council Leadership in Energy
and Environmental Design (LEED) certification	
	UL 2799	
	R.O.C. Industrial Development Bureau, Ministry of
Economic Affairs	
	Environmental Protection Administration, Executive
Yuan, R.O.C.	
	Cheers	
	Forbes	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Culture	
	R.O.C. Ministry of Education	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 75 ---

courses to improve training effectiveness and safety awareness. To ensure the Company’s safety protocols are accurately delivered to Financial Impact Analysis of Climate Risks and Opportunities
contractors on a timely basis, TSMC has established a digital platform for mutual communication so that onsite operational risks can
Climate Risks Potential Financial Impact Climate Opportunities Potential Financial Impact 2021 Actions
be mitigated.
GHG Emissions Cap and Restriction on capacity expansion, ●P articipation in renewable energy plans Early purchases of renewable ●TSMC’s power purchasing agreements for
Carbon Tax/Carbon Fee increase in operation costs ●P articipation in carbon trading market energy, successfully increasing renewable energy totaled 1.6 GW (Gigawatts)
TSMC collaborates with suppliers to manage the sustainability of the supply chain, including formulating supplier sustainability production capacity ●Purchased 1,660 GWh in renewable energy,
renewable energy certificates (REC), and carbon
standards, drawing up audit plans, performing audits and tracking improvements, coaching and training, and re-coaching for credit to offset 100% of the electricity carbon
emissions of overseas subsidiaries and offices
suppliers with poor performance. Coaching and training are key focuses in 2021, including the establishment of a fire protection
Trend of Net Zero Emission ●Increased cost of installation and Win public recognition and carbon Accumulate carbon credits in ●Passed the application for fluorinated-GHG and
designated personnel system (113 suppliers have established) and fire protection practice training (48 participants from 48 operation of carbon reduction emissions offset cooperation preparation for future carbon nitrous oxide reduction offset project reward
suppliers), inviting suppliers to participate as observers for TSMC’s annual emergency response drills for six consecutive years (131 ●
e
In
q
c
u
re
ip
a
m
se
e
d
n t
cost of purchasing
emissions offset ●T
a
S
ch
M
ie
C
v e
g l
n
o
e
b
t
a
z
l
e
o
r
f
o
fi c
e
e
m
s
i
u
ss
s
i
e
o
d
n s
carbon credits to
participants from 131 suppliers for the cumulative number), environmental, safety and health sustainability forum and good cases carbon offset products Develop low-carbon product services to Satisfy customers’ needs for Developed energy saving products for the 5nm
sharing (298 participants from 201 suppliers), etc., to improve the performances of environmental protection, safety, health and fire improve product energy efficiency energy-saving products and and more advanced manufacturing process
increase revenue
protection. TSMC conducts environmental, safety and health audits to suppliers’ manufacturing sites, and actively assists suppliers
Commitment of EIA The development of advanced Use reclaimed water Smooth construction of advanced Continued the construction of TSMC reclaimed
to improve their environmental, safety and health performances. In addition, the Company requests that suppliers conduct carbon (Environmental Impact technologies potentially hampered production lines water plant in Southern Taiwan Science Park
Assessment) by inability to obtain renewable
emissions inventory and encourages them to implement measures to save energy, reduce carbon emissions, conserve water and energy and reclaim water
reduce waste. Uncertainty of Rising electricity consumption in Construct green buildings Lower utility costs Received three green building certifications
Development of New advanced technology production
Energy Saving Technology lines increases production costs
7.2.1 Environmental Protection Impact on the Company’s Inability to satisfy the expectations Improve the Company’s reputation Upgrade TSMC performance in ●Leads the industry as the only semiconductor
Reputation of stakeholders, negatively stakeholders’ sustainability ranking company chosen for the Dow Jones Sustainability
Climate Change and Energy Management impacting the Company’s Indices (DJSI) for the 21st consecutive years
reputation ●TSMC ranked as one of CDP (carbon disclosure
● Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) program) Water Security Leaders A class
Given that climate change could potentially affect operations and pose financial risk, in 2018 TSMC adopted recommendations Flood Production negatively affected, Increase resilience and ability to cope with Strengthen climate resilience, ●Raised the building base of Fab 18 Phase 4 and
causing financial losses and a natural disasters lower risk of operations disruption, Phase 5 two meters higher
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) released by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) to identify risks and Drought decrease in revenue and reduce potential losses ●Fab 18 Phase 4 and Phase 5 are committed to
using and developing reclaimed water
opportunities and further establish metrics and target management based on the results identified. Increasing Insurance Increase in operating costs ●Established a comprehensive water monitoring
Premiums for Natural system
Disasters
Management Structure of TSMC Climate-related Risks and Opportunities Rising Temperatures Increase in electricity consumption, Strive for low-carbon, green manufacturing Save energy and cut costs Conserved 700 GWh of electricity through energy-
cost, and carbon emissions saving projects
Category Management Strategy and Actions
Governance Board of Directors periodically reviews climate change related risks and opportunities
●ESG Steering Committee led by the Chairman is the Company’s top organization dealing with climate change management. The Chairperson of ESG Committee serves as the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy Management
Executive Secretary. The ESG Steering Committee reviews TSMC’s climate change strategies and goals every quarter and reports to the Board of Directors.
●The Energy and Carbon Reduction Committee led by the Vice President of Fab Operations is the organization that deals with action implementation of climate change risks and Facing the threats presented by extreme weather, TSMC sets strategies and targets, ensure sound execution and build a sustainable
opportunities TSMC. This committee develops management plans, reviews the execution status and discusses future plans on a quarterly basis.
culture. In 2021, TSMC declared the long-term goal of Net Zero Emissions by 2050, while setting the short-term goal of zero
Strategy Identify short-, medium- and long-term climate risks and opportunities through cross-departmental discussion
growth in emissions by 2025. By actively implementing emission reduction measures, the Company is working to return its carbon
Assess the potential operational and financial impact of significant climate risks and opportunities to the Company
emissions to the 2020 level by 2030. TSMC commits to becoming a global leader in green manufacturing.
Conduct situational analysis, evaluate SBT (Science Based Targets) and net-zero emissions
Risk Management Use the TCFD framework to establish TSMC’s climate risk identification process
TSMC actively participates in the initiatives of the World Semiconductor Council (WSC), and has incorporated its past experience
Follow the risk identification and ranking on climate change to develop relevant responding projects
to develop PFC (perfluorinated compounds) emissions reduction best practices, and fully adopted and implemented since 2012. In
Integrate climate risk identification and assessment into the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process
2013, in accordance with the “EPA Early Actions for Carbon Credit of Greenhouse Gases Reduction” regulation, TSMC applied for
Metrics and Targets Set management metrics related to climate change
the recognition of greenhouse gas reduction from 2005 to 2011, and received 5.28 million tons of carbon dioxide credits in 2015.
Examine the impact on Company operations and assess the risks and mitigation strategies for scope 1, 2 and 3 through annual inventory of ISO 14064-1 and disclosure of
greenhouse gas emissions Those carbon credits can be used to offset greenhouse gas emissions of new manufacturing facilities regulated by Environmental
Develop climate change management objectives and review achievement progress and actual performance Impact Assessment (EIA) Act, which can support the Company’s sustainable operations and mitigate climate-change risk.
146 147

[TABLE START]

Climate Risks	Potential Financial Impact	Climate Opportunities	Potential Financial Impact	2021 Actions
	Restriction on capacity expansion,
increase in operation costs	●Participation in renewable energy plans
●Participation in carbon trading market	Early purchases of renewable
energy, successfully increasing
production capacity	
	●Increased cost of installation and
operation of carbon reduction
equipment
●Increased cost of purchasing
carbon offset products	Win public recognition and carbon
emissions offset cooperation	Accumulate carbon credits in
preparation for future carbon
emissions offset	
		Develop low-carbon product services to
improve product energy efficiency	Satisfy customers’ needs for
energy-saving products and
increase revenue	
	The development of advanced
technologies potentially hampered
by inability to obtain renewable
energy and reclaim water	Use reclaimed water	Smooth construction of advanced
production lines	
	Rising electricity consumption in
advanced technology production
lines increases production costs	Construct green buildings	Lower utility costs	
	Inability to satisfy the expectations
of stakeholders, negatively
impacting the Company’s
reputation	Improve the Company’s reputation	Upgrade TSMC performance in
stakeholders’ sustainability ranking	
	Production negatively affected,
causing financial losses and a
decrease in revenue	Increase resilience and ability to cope with
natural disasters	Strengthen climate resilience,
lower risk of operations disruption,
and reduce potential losses	
	Increase in operating costs			
	Increase in electricity consumption,
cost, and carbon emissions	Strive for low-carbon, green manufacturing	Save energy and cut costs	
Category	Management Strategy and Actions

[TABLE END]


--- Page 76 ---

Since 2005, TSMC has completed the GHG (Greenhouse Gas) of 100% renewable energy for the Company, TSMC has TSMC GHG Reduction Target and Achievement Status has committed to using partially reclaimed water in newly
inventory program and taken a complete inventory of its GHG committed to achieving a target of 40% renewable energy by constructed fabs in the future in order to further reuse water
2021 Target and Achievement
emissions to gain ISO 14064 certification. The inventory shows 2030. Since 2018, the overseas manufacturing fabs and offices Strategy 2030 Goal Achievement Status resources and support government policy and promotion for
that the major direct GHG emissions are PFCs, which are widely have purchased renewable energy, REC and carbon credits to Continue to use Reduce GHG emissions Reduced GHG emissions Achieved reclaimed water.
best available per unit product per unit product
used in the semiconductor manufacturing process. The primary offset all carbon emissions caused by power consumption. All
technology to (metric ton of carbon (metric ton of carbon
indirect GHG emission is electricity consumption. The analysis TSMC overseas sites achieved zero carbon emission of electricity reduce emissions of dioxide equivalent dioxide equivalent To further enhance water resources management, TSMC has
GHG and become (MTCO2e)/12-inch (MTCO2e)/12-inch
of the inventory data is not only to meet domestic regulatory consumption in 2021 again. TSMC also used carbon credits to an industry leader equivalent wafer mask equivalent wafer mask adopted and followed the AWS Standard, the world’s only
in low-carbon layer) by 40% (Base layer) by 23% (Target:
reporting requirements but also to serve as a baseline reference offset carbon emissions of natural gas consumption in kitchens, manufacturing year: 2010) 20%) sustainable water management standard. Early in 2019, Fab
for the Company’s strategy to reduce GHG emissions. achieving the milestone of net zero emissions for TSMC 6 and Fab 14 Phase 5/6/7 began serving as demonstration
Since 2005, TSMC has also participated the international global offices. Although development of renewable energy in factories and received AWS certification, making TSMC the
Air and Water Pollution Control
organization Carbon Disclosure Program (CDP) to publicly Taiwan is in an early stage, TSMC has established a renewable first semiconductor enterprise in the world to receive AWS
The Company has installed effective air and water pollution
disclose climate change related information for 17 consecutive energy task force and continues to communicate closely platinum level certification. In 2020, Fab 15A and Fab 15B,
control equipment in each wafer fab to meet regulatory
years and to continuously review and improve management with government through the Association of Science Park located in Central Taiwan Science Park, passed a third-party
emissions standards. In addition, TSMC maintains backup
practices through it. Industries and Taiwan Semiconductor Industry Association. verification audit and obtained AWS platinum level certification
pollution control systems, including emergency power
The Company has made recommendations to the government simultaneously. In December 2021, Fab 12A, Fab 12B, Fab
supplies, to lower the risk of pollutant emissions in the event
In response to the commitment of global climate summit in the hope that the collaboration would speed up renewable 5, located in Hsinchu Science Park, and Longtan Science Park
of equipment failure. The Company centrally monitors the
“Paris Agreement” and the Republic of China’s “Greenhouse energy development in Taiwan. The recommendations Advanced Backend Fab 3 passed a third-party verification audit
operations of its air and water pollution control equipment
Gas Reduction and Management Act” promulgated in 2015, include expanding the development of offshore wind power and will obtain AWS platinum level certification in early 2022.
monitored by 24 hours a day rotating staff and treats system
TSMC initiated a cross-functional platform for corporate and increasing the supply of the renewable energy trading
effectiveness as an important tracking item to ensure the
carbon management in 2016. The three areas of focus of this platform. TSMC continues to find renewable energy. By the TSMC Water Usage in Recent Two Years
quality of emitted air and discharged water.
platform are legal compliance, carbon emission reduction, and end of 2021, the total installation capacity of renewable energy
carbon credit acquisition. In addition to participating in official contracted reached 1.6 GW (Gigawatts). The renewable energy Year Total Water Usage (m3) Un (L it /1 P 2 r - o in d c u h c t w W af a e t r e - r e - U la s y a e g r e )
To make the most effective use of Taiwan’s limited water
regulatory consultation and communications meetings, TSMC will be provided to TSMC gradually after the related business 2021 82,674,982 119.7
resources, all TSMC fabs strive to increase water reclamation
also sets short-, medium- and long-term reduction targets process has been completed. This is a clear manifestation
2020 77,257,163 128.4
rates by adjusting the water usage of manufacturing
through the energy and carbon reduction committee led by of the Company’s active support of the UN Sustainable
equipment and improving wastewater reclamation systems. By Note 1: Including TSMC fabs in Taiwan and Subsidiaries.
the Fab Operations vice president. The measures are carried Development Goals (SDGs). Note 2: T he data in the table are preliminary results collected by TSMC and have not yet been
2021, TSMC’s unit product water consumption had decreased verified by a third party.
out by energy and carbon reduction teams of individual fabs.
by 15% from 2010 levels. The long-term target is a 30%
Because more than 75% of TSMC’s GHG emissions come from In 2020 TSMC became the first semiconductor company to
decrease by 2030. All fabs meet or exceed the process water TSMC Water Usage Reduction Target and Achievement
electricity consumption, the Company always emphasizes join RE100 (the global corporate renewable energy initiative)
reclamation rate standard of the Science Park Administration. Status
energy conservation and carbon reduction initiatives. TSMC and pledged that power consumption of all the Company’s
Some fabs are able to reclaim more than 90% of process
has not only implemented energy-conserving designs in its manufacturing plants and offices will be 100% supplied from Strategy 2030 Goal 2021 Target and Achievement
water, outperforming most semiconductor fabs around Achievement Status
manufacturing fabs and offices but has also continuously renewable energy by 2050.
the world. The Company also makes every effort to reduce Enforce climate Reduce unit water Reduced unit water Achieved
improved the energy efficiency of its facilities during operation. change mitigation consumption (liter/12- consumption by 15%
non-manufacturing-related water consumption, including policies, implement inch equivalent wafer (Target: 9%)
These efforts simultaneously reduce both carbon dioxide gas
TSMC GHG Emissions in Recent Two Years water used in air conditioning systems, sanitary facilities, wall water conservation mask layer) by 30%
emissions and costs. As a result, TSMC has conserved 2.4 and water shortage (Base year: 2010)
billion kilowatt hours (kWh) of power since 2016.
Unit: Metric ton CO2 equivalent cleaning and landscaping activities and in kitchens. TSMC uses a
m
d
e
a
a
p
s
t
u
a
r
t
e
io
s
n
Year Scope 1 Scope 2 an intranet website to collect and measure water recycling
2021 2,591,231 8,045,102 volumes company-wide.
From 2015 to 2017, TSMC voluntarily participated in the
Waste Management and Recycling
2020 2,450,354 7,459,856
R.O.C. Ministry of Economic Affairs’ green power purchasing
Since water resources are inherently local, TSMC shares TSMC has expanded its facilities rapidly in recent years both at
program for three consecutive years and became the largest Note 1: GHG includes CO2, CH4, N2O, HCFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3
Note 2: S cope 1: D irect emissions, e.g., direct emission sources owned or controlled by the its water saving experience and expertise with other home in Taiwan and overseas. In 2021 the Company’s total
buyer in Taiwan, purchasing 400 million kilowatt hours Company
Scope 2: I ndirect emissions from energy, e.g., indirect GHG emissions caused by the semiconductor companies through the Association of outsourced general waste was 335,080 tons; its hazardous
(kWh) of green power. Although the Taiwan Power Company externally purchased electricity, heat or steam
Note 3: T he data in the table are preliminary results calculated by TSMC and have not yet been Science-Based Industrial Park to promote water conservation waste was 339,623 tons; and its unit waste disposal was 0.99
stopped selling green power in 2018, TSMC still aggressively verified by a third party.
in order to achieve the Science Park’s goals and ensure a kg/12-inch equivalent wafer mask layers. This compared to
negotiates the purchase of renewable energy with renewable
long-term balance of supply and demand. In addition, TSMC 277,340 tons of outside general waste, and 298,400 tons of
energy suppliers in Taiwan. Targeting a long-term commitment
148 149

[TABLE START]

Strategy	2030 Goal	2021 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce GHG emissions
per unit product
(metric ton of carbon
dioxide equivalent
(MTCO2e)/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer) by 40% (Base
year: 2010)	Reduced GHG emissions
per unit product
(metric ton of carbon
dioxide equivalent
(MTCO2e)/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer) by 23% (Target:
20%)	
Year	Total Water Usage (m3)	Unit Product Water Usage
(L/12-inch wafer-e-layer)
	82,674,982	
	77,257,163	
Strategy	2030 Goal	2021 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Reduce unit water
consumption (liter/12-
inch equivalent wafer
mask layer) by 30%
(Base year: 2010)	Reduced unit water
consumption by 15%
(Target: 9%)	
Year	Scope 1	Scope 2
	2,591,231	
	2,450,354	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 77 ---

hazardous waste, and unit waste disposal of 1.01 kg/12-inch In order to ensure that all waste is treated and recycled 2021 Environmental Cost of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
equivalent wafer mask layers in 2020, respectively. properly, TSMC closely tracks the waste that is implemented Unit: NT$ thousands
in the process of recycling and reuse by clean and disposal Classification Description Expense Investment
To achieve the goal of sustainable resource utilization, TSMC vendors. The Company carefully selects waste disposal and 1. Direct Costs for Reducing Environmental Impact
has a designated unit responsible for waste recycling and recycling vendors that have certificates and permits, regularly
(1) Pollution Control Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others 7,436,815 7,139,312
disposal. The priorities are process waste reduction, onsite checks the onsite operational status, disposal declaration
(2) Resource Conservation Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation 0 2,904,434
and offsite recycling and regeneration, with the last options forms, operational records, etc., compares with actual reuse
(3) Energy Conservation Costs for electricity consumption saving 0 2,202,263
being incineration and landfill. In 2017, TSMC amended and disposal, and takes proactive steps to strengthen vendor
(4) Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reduction Include: (1) Process greenhouse gas emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium 1,090,032 4,075,604
its articles of incorporation to add four business items for auditing. For example, all waste transportation contractors for purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct greenhouse gas emissions reduction
chemical materials to ensure waste flow and reduce risks of have agreed to join the GPS Satellite Fleet so that the cleanup
(5) Industrial Waste Disposal and Recycling Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill) 2,932,377 0
improper waste disposal by commissioned agencies. It also transportation routes and abnormal stays for all trucks can be
2. Indirect Costs for Reducing Environmental (1) Cost of training 432,606 693,743
set up onsite resource activation facilities to convert waste traced. All waste recycling and disposal vendors have installed
Impact (Environmental Managerial Costs) (2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
resources produced by processing activities into products to closed-circuit TV systems at operating sites to monitor and (3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
be used onsite or to sell to other factories. In 2021, TSMC audit waste handling. In addition, TSMC also conducts an (5) Environmental protection organization fees
recycled waste copper sulfate, cobalt-containing liquid, waste ongoing survey of recycled product tracking and requires all 3. Other Environmental Costs (1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation 127 0
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
sulfuric acid and waste ammonium sulfate, all of which were recycling contractors to report their recycled product sales (3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
regenerated into products. The Company also developed monthly to track waste flow and ensure that actions are taken lawsuits
the system of cryolite synthesis whereby waste HF (hydrogen to adhere to lawful and proper waste recycling and treatment. Total 11,891,957 17,015,356
fluoride) is recycled and regenerated into raw material for
other industries. As a result, it has become a leader in waste Environmental Accounting 2021 Environmental Efficiency of TSMC Fabs in Taiwan
resources regeneration. At the same time, TSMC’s fabs in The purpose of TSMC’s environmental accounting system Unit: NT$ thousands
Taiwan achieved a 95% waste recycling rate for the seventh is to identify and quantify environmental costs for internal Category Description Efficiency
consecutive year, with a landfill rate below 1% for the twelfth management. At the same time, the Company also evaluates 1. Cost Savings of Environmental Protection Energy savings 3,999,575
consecutive year, and Fab 12 won the platinum UL 2799 the savings or economic benefits of environmental protection Projects Water savings 31,002
certification, the highest grade for zero landfill. programs so as to continuously promote economically-effective Waste reduction 818,000
programs. While environmental expenses are expected to 2. Economic Efficiency for Industrial Waste Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals, 609,200
Recycling plastics, and other waste
TSMC Waste Quantity and Outsourced Unit Waste continue to rise, environmental accounting can help manage
Total 5,457,777
Disposal in Recent Two Years these costs more effectively. TSMC’s environmental accounting
measures various environmental costs, establishes independent
Outsourced Unit
Waste Disposal environmental account codes, and provides the data to all units
Outsourced Outsourced Green Building and Green Factory
(Note 2)
Year G (t e o n n e ) r a (N l W ot a e s t 1 e ) Haz ( a t r o d n o ) u ( s N W ot a e s t 1 e ) (kg/12-inch for use in annual budgeting. The Company’s economic benefit Since 2006, TSMC has adopted standards from both the Taiwan Green Building and the U.S. Green Building Council – Leadership
equivalent wafer
mask layer) evaluation calculates cost savings for energy conservation, in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) for new fab and office building designs to achieve better energy and resource efficiency
water or waste reductions and recycling benefits in accordance
2021 335,080 339,623 0.99 than conventional designs. The Company has also continued to upgrade existing office buildings to comply with the LEED standard
with its environmental protection programs. The benefits
2020 277,340 298,400 1.01 each year. From 2008 to 2021, 37 of TSMC’s fabs and office buildings achieved LEED certifications: three platinum and 34 gold.
disclosed in this report include real income from projects such
During this time, the Company also received five Taiwan Intelligent Building diamond-class certifications and 25 Taiwan EEWH
Note 1: T he total quantity of outsourced waste includes Taiwan facilities and subsidiaries.
Note 2: The data is Outsourced Unit Waste Disposal of Taiwan facilities. as waste recycling and savings from major environmental (ecology, energy saving, waste reduction and health) certifications: 20 diamond, four gold and one silver. Since 2009, the Company
Note 3: T he data in the table are preliminary results collected by TSMC and have not yet been
verified by a third party. projects. In 2021, the total benefits of environmental has been a leading supporter of the Taiwan government’s Green Factory Label standard, including the Clean Production and Factory
protection programs of TSMC fabs including waste recycling
Green Building evaluation systems. TSMC received Taiwan’s first Green Factory Label and 13 labels in total as of the end of 2021,
TSMC Waste Reduction Target and Achievement Status exceeded NT$5,457 million.
and is the most awarded company in Taiwan.
2021 Target and Achievement
Strategy 2030 Goal
Achievement Status Environmental Audit Results in Violation of Environmental Regulations
Promote waste Outsourced unit waste Outsourced unit waste Exceeded In 2021 and as of the date of this Annual Report, TSMC has no incurred any environmental pollution related losses. However, the
reduction by source disposal per wafer disposal per wafer 0.99
separation and ≦0.50 (kg/12-inch (kg/12-inch equivalent Company was given two fines totaling NT$127,000 for violating environmental regulations: NT$100,000 issued on 01/06/2021 for
require vendors to equivalent wafer mask wafer mask layer)
provide low chemical layer) (Target: ≦1.15%) failing to take effective air pollutant control measures at our construction site (Section 2 of Article 23 of the Air Pollution Control
consumption
Act) – the Company took immediate corrective action after the audit by the competent authority; NT$27,000 issued on 01/28/2021
equipment
for construction site work failing to conform with the Run-off Wastewater Reduction Plan approved by competent authority (Article
150 151

[TABLE START]

Classification	Description	Expense	Investment
Fees for air pollution control, water pollution control, and others	7,436,815
Costs for resource (e.g. water) conservation	0
Costs for electricity consumption saving	0
Include: (1) Process greenhouse gas emissions abatement equipment; (2) Premium
for purchasing renewable energy; (3) Costs for purchasing carbon credits; (4) Other
costs for direct greenhouse gas emissions reduction	1,090,032
Costs for waste treatment (including recycling, incineration and landfill)	2,932,377
(1) Cost of training
(2) Environmental management system and certification expenditures
(3) Environmental impact measurement and monitoring fees
(4) Environmental protection product costs
(5) Environmental protection organization fees	432,606
(1) Costs for soil decontamination and natural environment remediation
(2) Environmental damage insurance fees and environmental taxes and expenses
(3) C osts related to environmental settlement, compensations, penalties and
lawsuits	127
	11,891,957
Category	Description	Efficiency
	Energy savings	
	Water savings	
	Waste reduction	
	Recycling of used chemicals, wafers, sputter targets, batteries, lamps, packaging materials, paper cardboard, metals,
plastics, and other waste	
Year	Outsourced
General Waste
(ton) (Note 1)	Outsourced
Hazardous Waste
(ton) (Note 1)	Outsourced Unit
Waste Disposal
(Note 2)
(kg/12-inch
equivalent wafer
mask layer)
	335,080	339,623	
	277,340	298,400	
Strategy	2030 Goal	2021 Target and
Achievement	Achievement
Status
	Outsourced unit waste
disposal per wafer
≦0.50 (kg/12-inch
equivalent wafer mask
layer)	Outsourced unit waste
disposal per wafer 0.99
(kg/12-inch equivalent
wafer mask layer)
(Target: ≦1.15%)	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 78 ---

18 of the Water Pollution Control Act; Article 10 of Water in the most advanced, more energy-efficient and more Chip Total Power Consumption N12eTM, featuring energy efficiency with high performance
Pollution Control Measures and Test Reporting Management environmentally friendly products. In each new technology Cross-Technology Comparison that results in more computing power and AI inferencing,
Regulations) – the Company updated the Run-off Wastewater generation, circuitry line widths shrink, making transistors More power is saved as line width shrinks 22nm Ultra-low leakage (ULL), 28nm ULP, 40nm ULP, and
Reduction Plan after the audit by the competent authority and smaller and reducing product power consumption for 55nm ULP, which have been widely adopted by various edge
enhanced related management measures. completing the same tasks or achieving the same level of AI system-on-a-chip (SoC), battery-powered applications.
performance. In addition, calculations using the Industry, TSMC has also extended its low Vdd offerings with
7.2.2 Sustainable Products Science, and Technology International Strategy Center’s wide-range operating voltage SPICE (simulation program with
model reveal that, in 2020, TSMC helped the world conserve integrated circuit emphasis) models for extreme low-power
TSMC collaborates with its upstream material and equipment
4kWh of energy for each 1kWh spent in production – a applications.
suppliers, design ecosystem partners and downstream assembly
testimony to TSMC’s commitment to green manufacturing
and testing service providers to minimize environmental
both internally and externally. (Please refer to “Sustainable 4. Develop Greener Manufacturing to Lower Energy
impact. Reducing the resources and energy consumed for each
Products by TSMC Facilitates Global Energy Conservation” Consumption
unit of production allows the Company to provide customers
on page 11 of TSMC’s 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility ● T SMC continues to develop more advanced and efficient
with more advanced, power efficient and ecologically sound
Report.) technologies to reduce energy/resource consumption and
products. These include ultra-low power (ULP) and low
● As TSMC quickly ramped up its 7nm and newer generation pollution per unit during the manufacturing process, as well
operating voltage (low Vdd) chips for wearables and IoT
technologies, combined wafer revenue contribution grew as power consumption and pollution during product use.
0.034 0.022
devices, low-power chips for mobile devices, high-efficiency
significantly from 9% in 2018 to 50% in 2021. TSMC’s 1 0.6 0.3 0.07 0.056 In each new technology generation, circuitry line widths
LED driver chips for flat panel display backlighting, indoor/
objective is to continue R&D investment and to increase N55LP N40LP N28HPM 16FFC/ 10nm 7nm 5nm shrink, making chips smaller for the same circuit designs
outdoor solid state LED lighting, Energy Star certified low (1.2V) (1.1V) (0.9V) 12FFC (0.8V) (0.75V) (0.75V) (0.75V)
wafer revenue contribution in 7nm and beyond technologies, and lowering the energy and raw materials consumed
standby AC-DC adaptor chips, high-efficiency DC brushless Note: T he logic chip/SRAM/IO (input/output) ratio, which affects die size and power
helping the Company achieve both profitable growth and for per chip in manufacturing. In addition, the Company
consumption, was re-aligned.
motor chips, electric vehicle chips and low-power server chips.
sustainability. continuously provides process simplification and new design
By leveraging TSMC’s superior energy-efficient technologies,
methodology based on its manufacturing excellence to
these chips support sustainable city infrastructure, greener
TSMC Wafer Revenue Contribution from 7nm and Beyond 2. Provide Customers Leading Power Management IC help customers reduce design and process waste so as to
vehicles, smart grids, more energy efficient servers and
Technologies Process with the Highest Efficiency produce more advanced, energy-saving and environmentally
data centers and other applications. In addition to helping
2018 2019 2020 2021 ● TSMC’s leading manufacturing technology helps customers friendly products. For total energy savings and benefits
customers design low power, high performance products to
design and produce green products. Power management ICs, realized in 2021 through TSMC’s green manufacturing, see
reduce resource consumption over the product’s life cycle, 9% 27% 41% 50%
the key components that supply and regulate power to all Environmental Accounting on page 150-151 in this Annual
TSMC’s green manufacturing practices provide further green
other IC components within electronic devices, are the most Report.
value to customers and other stakeholders.
notable green IC products. TSMC helps customers produce
Chip Die Size Cross-Technology Comparison
industry-leading power management chips with more stable Social Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services
TSMC-manufactured ICs are used in a broad variety Die size reduces as line width shrinks
and efficient power supplies and lower energy consumption. 1. Unleash Customers’ Mobile and Wireless Chip Innovations
of applications in various segments of the computer,
Power management ICs manufactured by TSMC for that Enhance Mobility and Convenience
communications, consumer, industrial, electric vehicle, server
customers are widely used in computer, communication, ● T he rapid growth of smartphones and tablets in recent
and data center, and other electronics markets. Through
consumer, electric vehicle, server and data center, and other years reflects strong demand for mobile devices, which
TSMC’s manufacturing technologies, customers’ designs are
systems around the globe. accelerates innovations for IC products such as baseband,
realized and their products are incorporated into people’s
RF transceivers, application processors (AP), wireless local
lives. These chips, therefore, make significant contributions
3. Drive Industry-leading, Comprehensive ULP Technology area networks (WLAN), CMOS image sensors (CIS), near field
to the progress of modern society. TSMC endeavors to
Platform communication (NFC), Bluetooth, and global positioning
achieve profitable growth while providing products that
● To meet low-power consumption requirements for IoT systems (GPS) among others. These mobile devices offer
add environmental and social value. Listed below are several
markets, such as wearable and smart home products, TSMC remarkable convenience in daily living, and TSMC contributes
examples of how TSMC-manufactured products make
continues to invest in expanding and enhancing its ultra-low significant value to these devices in the following ways: (1)
significant contributions to the environment and society.
power processes. The Company provides industry’s leading new TSMC process technologies help chips achieve faster
and most comprehensive ultra-low power (ULP) technology computing speeds in smaller sizes, leading to smaller form
Environmental Contributions by TSMC Foundry Services
0.063 0.047 0.035 platform to support innovations for a wide range of IoT factors for these electronic devices. In addition, TSMC
1. Continue to Drive Technology to Reduce Power 1 0.48 0.25 0.11 applications that demand increased computing capabilities in SoC technology integrates more functions into one chip,
Consumption and Save Resources 55nm 40nm 28nm 16FFC/12FFC 10nm 7nm 5nm smart edge devices, including smart speakers, smart cameras reducing the total number of chips in electronic devices,
● To improve sustainability, TSMC continues to drive Note: c T o h n e s l u o m gi p c t c io h n ip , / w SR a A s M re / - I a O li g (i n n e p d u . t/output) ratio, which affects die size and power and various other smart appliances. TSMC’s industry-leading again resulting in a smaller system form factor; (2) new
the development of advanced semiconductor process
ULP offerings include FinFET-based 12-nanometer technology, TSMC process technologies also help chips reduce power
technologies to support customer designs that result
152 153

[TABLE START]

0.6	0.3	0.07	0.056	0.034
2018	2019	2020	2021
	27%	41%	
0.48	0.25	0.11	0.063	0.047

[TABLE END]


--- Page 79 ---

consumption, allowing mobile devices to be used for a longer 7.2.3 Safety and Health Working Environment and Employee Safety and Health ensure that new tools are compliant with the semiconductor
period of time; and (3) TSMC helps spread the growth of Protection industry’s safety standards (such as SEMI-S2) and that new
Safety and Health Management
more convenient wireless connectivity such as 3G/4G/5G and The Company’s ESH policy is focused on establishing a safe chemicals’ environmental, safety and health concerns can be
TSMC’s safety and health management is compliant with local
WLAN/Bluetooth, meaning people can communicate more working environment, preventing occupational injury and well controlled, including engineering controls, application of
and international standards and adheres to the management
efficiently and “work anytime and anywhere,” significantly illness, keeping employees healthy, enhancing every employee’s personal protection equipment, and operational safety training
approach of “Plan, Do, Check, Act” to prevent accidents,
increasing the mobility of modern society. awareness and sense of accountability to ESH, and building an during storage, transportation, usage and disposal. A total of
promote employee safety and health, and protect Company
ESH culture. 403 cases of new tools and chemical substances were passed
assets. All TSMC fabs in Taiwan have received TOSHMS
2. Unleash Customers’ Innovations in CMOS Image Sensor by the New Tool and New Chemical Review Committee in
(Taiwan Occupational Safety and Health Management
(CIS) and Micro-electromechanical Systems (MEMS) There were a total of 44 occupational injuries in 2021, with 2021, and they were evaluated and reviewed in accordance
System) certification since 2009. In 2018, the International
that Enhance Human Health and Safety; Create Green 44 people, representing approximately 0.08% of the total with the aforementioned standards before entering TSMC.
Organization for Standardization released ISO 45001: 2018,
Products number of employees. The disabling injury frequency rate (FR)
replacing OHSAS 18001, with major changes in the expansion
● To make machines smarter, safer and more user and was 0.38, under the 0.4 target, but the disability injury severity ● G eneral Safety Management, Training and Audit
of the scope, support and participation of the leadership,
environmentally friendly, sensors are a must. Optical, rate (SR) was 7, in excess of the target of 4. In response, All TSMC manufacturing facilities hold environmental, safety
the collection and planning of internal and external issues,
acoustic, motion, and environment sensors are mostly made TSMC is reviewing potential improvement measures, such as and health committee meetings on a monthly basis. TSMC
the expectations and demand of stakeholders, the evaluation
using either CIS or MEMS technologies. TSMC continues to interlocking devices for machine safety, as well as standard has adopted multiple preventive measures such as controls
of risk inspections, communication and consultation with
put substantial effort into developing more advanced CIS safety operation procedures. In addition to regular reviews, on high-risk work, contractor management, chemical safety
non-managers, the application of performance indicators, and
and MEMS technologies to enable customers to create new the caring program for employees has been enhanced and management, personal protective equipment requirements,
the evaluation of corrective and preventive actions. Meanwhile,
products for new applications. For CIS, TSMC and customers managers have been directed to pay closer attention to the and safety audit management. In addition, the Company
ISO 45001 ensures the spirit of the system can be effectively
have extended applications from traditional RGB (red, green, physical and mental state of employees to ensure their safety maintains detailed disaster response procedures and performs
implemented at the management level through management
blue) sensing to 3D depth sensing, optical fingerprint, and and health during their work. regular drills designed to minimize damage to employees and
review, internal audit, automatic check, and security patrol
near infrared NIR (NIR) machine vision, etc. For MEMS, TSMC property, as well as the impact on society and the environment
to find safety concerns and opportunities for improvement.
and customers have extended applications from traditional TSMC safety and health management operations apply to the in the event of a disaster.
All fabs in Taiwan received ISO 45001 certification for
motion sensing to microphone, bio-sensing, micro-speakers, following:
occupational health and safety in 2019 and all TSMC
medical ultrasound actuators and more. TSMC customers’ TSMC Safety-Related Training and Promotion in the
subsidiaries obtained the certification in 2020. All the above
sensing devices are used in consumer electronics, mobile ● Equipment Safety and Health Management Recent Two Years
certifications are maintained valid. New facilities are required
communication, automotive electronics, industrial, and In addition to meeting regulatory requirements and internal
medical devices, and so on. They are increasingly smaller, to receive aforementioned certifications within 18 months after standards, as well as mitigating ESH-related risks when building Year Total Number of Employee s S a w fe h t o y - h r a el v a e t e C d o m Tr p ai l n et in ed g
receiving facility license per TSMC’s internal policy.
faster, more accurate and more energy efficient, greatly or expanding facilities, TSMC also maintains procedures 2021 289,398
enhancing human convenience, health and safety, and governing new equipment and raw materials, requires safety
2020 244,747
Besides accident prevention, TSMC has established emergency
contributing to sustainability. For instance, TSMC customers’ approvals for bringing new tools online, updates safety rules,
response procedures to protect employees and contractors if
CIS and MEMS products are used in a number of advanced and implements seismic protection and other safety measures.
medical treatments as well as in preventative health care a disaster should occur, as well as to prevent and/or reduce TSMC requires that all new tools meet SEMI-S8 requirements ● W orking Environment Hazardous Factors Management
the negative impact on the community and the environment. TSMC conducts workplace hazard assessments to provide a
applications. Examples include early warning systems to and that appropriate supplementary control measures be taken
TSMC communicates regularly with suppliers to ensure that comfortable, safe workplace to employees. The Company also
minimize the injury from falls for the elderly, systems to to reduce ergonomic risk. Moreover, the Company endeavors
potential risk in the operation of production equipment is educates and requires employees to use personal protective
detect physiological changes, car safety systems and other to automate 300mm front-opening unified pod (FOUP)
minimized and that safety control procedures are followed equipment (PPE) to prevent hazardous exposures.
applications that significantly improve human health and transportation to prevent accumulative physical damage
rigorously during installation. The Company places stringent
safety. One noteworthy example in 2021: TSMC helped a caused by repetitive manual handling of 300mm FOUPs. TSMC
controls on high-risk operations and also evaluates the seismic The Company performs semi-annual workplace environment
customer deliver innovative DNA sequencing chips. These 300mm fabs have converted to automatic transportation
tolerance of its facilities and equipment to reduce the risk of assessments of physical and chemical hazards, including
chips assisted researchers in quickly identifying variants of control.
earthquake damage. CO concentration, illumination, noise, and hazardous
the COVID-19 virus, including the first Omicron, contributing 2
chemical substances regulated by local laws. In addition,
significantly to the understanding and control of the ● Environmental, Safety and Health Evaluation of New Tools
For epidemics, TSMC has established corporate-level prevention TSMC performs exposure assessments and uses hierarchy
pandemic. Moreover, advanced sensors can make equipment and New Chemical Substances
committees and procedures for emergency response to management control for chemicals with potential health
smarter by monitoring the working environment and As a technology leader in the global semiconductor industry,
outbreaks of infectious diseases. hazards. If abnormal measurements occur, events happen, or
conditions so that it can operate in a more energy efficient TSMC operates increasingly diversified process tools and
an exposure assessment indicates there is an adverse health
way. introduces new chemicals in the R&D stage. Before using new
effect on employees, ESH professionals immediately conduct
tools or new chemicals, they are reviewed carefully by the new
onsite observation and intervention to reduce the exposure to
tools and new chemical review committee. The purpose is to
acceptable levels.
154 155

[TABLE START]

Year	Total Number of Employees who have Completed
Safety-related Training

[TABLE END]


--- Page 80 ---

● Health Promotion Program In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, TSMC added tabletop but is also an important part of a corporation’s responsibility. Diet” of Low-sugar diets and 211 balanced diet, with 3,373
In order to establish the healthiest possible workplace and exercises to disaster prevention training in an effort to To preserve and promote the physical and mental health of participants. In addition, one-on-one sleep counseling related
reduce the incidence of occupational disease, TSMC formed minimize the risks of group infections that may arise as a its employees, TSMC fosters collaboration among the onsite to psychology has been increased in 2021, 220 attendees in
a corporate-level committee to carry out health promotion result of full-scale exercises. The inclusion of tabletop exercises industrial safety and environmental protection department, total. The above activities have all received positive feedback
programs covering three key areas: also aids in the verification of full-scale exercise procedures to the onsite medical personnel of the health center, and from employees. In the future, we will continue to implement
1. E xposure and health risk assessment: develop an exposure make disaster response more comprehensive, thus effectively physicians of occupational medicine. TSMC strives to reduce relevant health promotion activities to take care of the health
assessment system to identify high health risk employees. mitigating the impact of various types of disasters on business cerebral and cardiovascular conditions or injuries that might of employees.
2. H azardous training and notification: use standardized continuity in the future. As of 2021, 215 sessions of tabletop be induced or aggravated by overwork, night work or shift
training materials for employees and contractors in all exercises had been completed in addition to 125 full-scale work. The Company conducts programs for maternal health 7.2.4 Supplier Management
TSMC fabs. Inform them of the health risks and prevention exercises. protection and for prevention of cumulative trauma disorders
Management Aspect
measures at the workplace before working or providing any as well. TSMC devotes significant resources to mental health
For better supply chain management, TSMC is committed to
services there. In addition to the regular emergency response drills held awareness, focused not only on hazards at work but also on
communicating with and encouraging its suppliers, including
3. S trengthen management of chemicals with significant by engineering and facilities departments each quarter, the employee health in general. In 2021, through planned personal
contractors, to increase their quality, cost effectiveness and
health risks: inform suppliers that all materials they provide Company’s laboratory, canteen, dormitory, and shuttle bus health management, (1) 550 female employees participated
delivery performance, and make continuous improvement
to TSMC must comply with applicable laws including clear personnel also hold emergency response drills to prepare for in the maternal health program, and the completion rate was
in environmental protection, safety and health. Through
disclosure of any hazardous substances. Perform sampling of events such as earthquakes, chemical spills, ammonia release, 100%. All but one of them were at first degree risk, where
regular communication with senior managers, site audits
raw materials used in the manufacturing process to confirm fires and traffic accidents. there was no potential harm to the mother or infant. One
and experience sharing, the Company collaborates with
that they do not contain any carcinogenic, mutagenic or woman was assessed as second degree risk, with potential
major suppliers and contractors to enhance partnerships and
toxic-reproductive materials as claimed in supplier’s safety ● Emerging Infectious Disease Response harm to the mother or infant, but after proper adjustments
ensure continued improvement of performance and increased
data sheet (SDS). TSMC has a dedicated corporate ESH organization to monitor to her work duties, her risk was downgraded to first degree.
joint contributions to society. As noted above, contractors
emerging infectious diseases around the world, to assess (2) Through analysis of historical cerebral and cardiovascular
performing high-risk activities must lay out clearly defined
● Emergency Response any potential impact on the workplace, and to provide an cases of its employees, TSMC has sharpened the disease
safety precautions and preventative measures. In addition,
The planning and execution of an effective emergency response appropriate strategic response plan. In previous outbreaks assessment criteria used by contracted doctors, and, in
contractors working on high-risk engineering projects must
should identify potential high-risk events via risk assessment such as SARS in 2003, H1N1 influenza in 2009, and MERS combination with internal annual health examination reports
establish ISO 45001 or OHSAS 18001 systems and the workers
and be prepared for various scenarios. It should focus on in 2015, as well as with the current COVID-19 threat, TSMC and work scheduling information, the Company was able to
must successfully complete work-related skill training. All
continuous improvement and drills covering all potentially followed the Taiwan CDC’s (Centers for Disease Control) rules identify 3,520 employees with middle to high risk for cerebral
contractors performing high-risk activities have obtained ISO
serious events. TSMC’s emergency response plans include and convened the corporate influenza response committee and cardiovascular diseases. These employees were provided
45001 certification before the end of 2021.
procedures for rapid-response crisis management and disaster to develop the Company’s strategies. These strategies with health education and medical assistance. Also, they and
recovery for potential incidents. included educating employees in prevention and response, their managers received recommended changes in working
Supply Chain Sustainability
publishing guidelines for managers, establishing guidelines for hours and shifts to reduce health risks. (3) 168 employees
TSMC works with suppliers in several fields of sustainable
All TSMC fabs conduct major annual emergency response employee sick leave due to flu, and installing alcohol-based were identified as high risk for cumulative trauma disorders,
development, such as greening the supply chain, carbon
exercises and evacuation drills. TSMC’s onsite service hand sanitizers at appropriate locations. The Committee also including one who might also have job-related risks, and
management for climate change, mitigation of fire risk, ESH
contractors are also required to participate in emergency monitors the status of employee leave due to illness and, at the the Company adjusted working conditions accordingly to
management and business continuity plans in the event of a
response planning and exercises to ensure cooperation in same time, develops a continuity plan to address manpower reduce potential risks. (4) As obesity has been considered as a
natural disaster.
handling accidents and to effectively minimize any damage shortages and minimize business impact. In order to protect precursor to hyperglycemia, dyslipidemia, and hypertension,
caused by disasters. At least every two years, each fab director the health of TSMC employees, their families, and work TSMC has held health promotion programs for several
Since becoming a full member of the Responsible Business
invites fab management and support functions to participate partners, employees are encouraged to be fully vaccinated if consecutive years. In 2021, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic
Alliance (RBA) in 2015, TSMC has completed implementation
in business continuity drills for potentially high-risk events such in healthy condition. In addition, employees should complete and catering to the younger generation’s preference for social
of the RBA code of conduct throughout the Company by
as earthquake, fire and flood (at the Tainan site). Since 2018, daily body temperature checks and update vaccination and video media, apart from physical weight loss activities
performing self-assessments at its facilities worldwide and
TSMC has conducted complex accident emergency response information before entering TSMC, and continue to follow (671 participants; total weight loss reached 3,155.82kg),TSMC
reviewing policies and procedures in the areas of labor, health
drills, which include simultaneous scenarios for earthquake, fire epidemic prevention regulations such as wearing a mask, conducted a series of online interactive activities including:
and safety, environment, ethics and management systems.
and chemical spills to ensure rapid response to emergencies washing their hands frequently and maintaining safe social three sessions of “Health Lecture Online” with 1,527 attendees
so that losses can be minimized in the event of a real disaster. distancing. in total; three health education videos about Weight-loss Diets/
To enhance supply chain sustainability and streamline risk
In 2020, TSMC took lead in the industry to introduce the Sport and improving sleeping, with a total of 8,947 visits;
management, the Company is committed to collaborating
All-Hazard approach recommended by the Federal Emergency ● Employee Physical and Mental Health Enhancement three sessions of online quizzes on the same three topics of
with its suppliers to maintain full compliance with Taiwan’s
Management Agency (FEMA) to conduct disaster prevention TSMC believes that employee physical and mental health is not Weight-loss Diets/Sport and improving sleeping, with a total
environmental, safety, health and fire protection regulations.
exercises. only fundamental to maintaining sound business operations of 14,910 attendees; and two session of “Selection of Health
TSMC developed a supplier’s code of conduct, which
156 157

--- Page 81 ---

affirmed basic labor rights and standards for health, safety, 7.3 TSMC Education and Culture Foundation Foundation hopes to encourage more female high school new General Guidelines of Curriculum Guidelines of 12-Year
environment, ethics and management systems. TSMC works students to engage in studying in the STEM fields, thereby Basic Education, the Foundation recognises the importance
Taiwan has had its biggest battle against the COVID-19
with suppliers to evaluate the risk and impact on the economy, nurturing more science and technology talents for the country. of empowering frontline educators. Therefore, in 2021, the
pandemic in 2021. Every sector in the society has been
the environment, and society and to make continuous TSMC Education and Culture Foundation works in tandem
gravely affected and the efforts to launch artistic, cultural and
improvement. The Company has helped boost suppliers’ In 2021, the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation also with the CommonWealth Education Foundation and the
educational campaigns have been seriously challenged. In
performance of sustainability through experience sharing and continues to hold the TSMC Cup – Competition of Scientific Reading Research and Education Center of Dr. Hwawei Ko of
the face of the pandemic, the TSMC Education and Culture
training and hopes to establish a world-class semiconductor Short Talk. Held online due to the pandemic, the competition National Tsing Hua University to initiate a five-year “Teaching &
Foundation still endeavours to continue its support for various
supply chain that exceeds international standards and serves as had two award categories: “competition for expressing Learning” project. This project is launched in 51 schools in rural
educational and cultural events, art exhibitions and performance.
a global benchmark. scientific innovation” and “essay awards on reading popular communities, whose contents include offering professional
At the same time, as a response to pandemic restriction
science books”. Apart from the two competition themes, lesson plans for teachers, online educational recommendations,
measures, the Foundation taps into the power of technology
TSMC is subject to the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission the Foundation organized a series of online classes for and support system while building a mechanism to research
to make its upmost efforts to encourage girls’ high schools to
(SEC) disclosure rule on conflict minerals released under Rule competing participants, aiming to strengthen their ability to and discuss classroom teaching plans. The project creates
engage in the scientific fields, to empower teachers in rural
13p-1 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. As a express themselves. Pandemic constraints did not diminish a strong support for teachers in the rural areas, helps the
communities, and to initiate classes that teach and continue
recognized global leader in the high-tech supply chain, the participation, as 530 total students took part. teachers guide children in rural communities to improve
traditional theater courses on university campuses. In doing so,
Company acknowledges its corporate social responsibility their reading and writing capacities in real terms, opens up
the cultural and educational work to which the Foundation has
to strive to procure conflict-free minerals in an effort to On top of promoting popular science education, the TSMC makeover opportunities, and narrows the gap between urban
dedicated itself would not be disrupted because of the severe
recognize humanitarian and ethical social principles that Education and Culture Foundation continues its advocation and rural schooling in real terms.
pandemic situation. In 2021, the TSMC Education and Culture
protect the dignity of all people. To this end, TSMC has for youngsters to pursue and realize their dreams. In 2021,
Foundation has invested NT$87 millions in culture and education
implemented a series of compliance safeguards in accordance the Foundation expands the TSMC U Dreamer from a regional On top of the empowering project for teachers in rural schools,
events that revolve around three main themes: “nurture young
with leading industry practices such as adopting the due competition into a national one, inviting college students the TSMC Education and Culture Foundation continues to invest
talents,” “education collaboration,” and “advocation for arts and
diligence framework in the Organization for Economic from all over Taiwan to take part in the competition and form in education for the underprivileged students, encouraging
culture”. The Foundation’s efforts continue to inject abundant
Cooperation and Development (OECD)’s Model Supply Chain projects base on the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals them to attain a college education. In 2021, a total of 82
resources into the arts and education sectors in the society in
Policy for a Responsible Global Supply Chain of Minerals from (SDGs). This competition expects the students to care about students from disadvantage backgrounds have been awarded
order to drive the society to the common good, begin a positive
Conflict-Affected and High Risk Areas issued in 2011. and pay attention to UN’s 17 sustainable development goals scholarships to study at National Central University, National
cycle, and grow sustainably.
while pursuing individual dreams, thereby making a personal Tsing Hua University, National Chung Cheng University, National
TSMC is a strong supporter of the Responsible Business Alliance contribution to society. The 2021 TSMC U Dreamer has 122 Cheng Kung University, and National Sun Yat-sen University.
Value Gender Diversity, Encourage Women to Engage in
and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI), which will teams of college students from all over Taiwan. The finalists The scholarships allow the students to study without care.
STEM Fields
help the Company’s suppliers source conflict-free minerals are teams from the National Taiwan Ocean University, National
The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation teams up with
through their jointly developed Responsible Minerals Initiative Taiwan University, National Taiwan Normal University, Taipei Arts and Culture Education Takes Root in the Young,
National Museum of Natural Science to organize the TSMC
(RMI). Since 2011, TSMC has asked its suppliers to disclose National University of the Arts, National Taipei University, Pass the Cultural Torch
Female Scientists Tour. Through trips to science museums
information and make timely updates on smelters and mines. National Chengchi University, Hsuan Chuang University, The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation places a high
and talks by female scientists, the Foundation hopes to spark
The Company encourages suppliers to source minerals from National Tsing Hua University, National Yang Ming Chiao Tung value on culture, continues to support the foundations of arts
female students’ interest and nurture female talent in the
facilities or smelters that have received a “conflict free” University, National Chung Cheng University and National and culture education. In 2021, the Foundation collaborates
sciences. In 2021, the Foundation invited 450 girls from
designation by a recognized industry group (such as the Taitung University. The winning teams are awarded a total with GuoGuang Opera Company on the “Pass the Theater
12 girls’ high schools in Taiwan to take part in the TSMC
RBA) and also requires those who have not received such prize of NT$3 million at the TSMC U Dreamer competition and Torch on College Campus” project, funding a year-long course
Female Scientists Tour, whose program includes a visit to the
designation to become compliant with Responsible Minerals begin a one-year Dreamer project. at National Tsing Hua University and Tunghai University. The
educational hall at the World of Semiconductors. The trip
Initiative or an equivalent third-party audit program. TSMC course contents include background knowledge on Peking
was guided by female engineers at TSMC, giving students a
requires the use of conflict-free tantalum, tin, tungsten and Empower Teachers in Rural Areas, Narrow the Gap opera and textual analysis of the plays. The classes invited
chance to further understand the designing, manufacturing
gold in its products. between Urban and Rural Schools professional actors from GuoGuang Opera Company to teach
and application of semi-conductors. Other events in the trip
The TSMC Education and Culture Foundation pays special the students the acting techniques of Peking opera in person.
include talks by renown Taiwanese female scientists and
TSMC will continue to conduct the supplier survey annually and attention to the gap between the education resources in The performance practices in class deepen the students’
outstanding female engineers to share with young students
require suppliers to improve and expand their disclosure to fulfill the urban versus rural areas. Since 2004, the Foundation experience of traditional theater, created opportunities for
their educational trajectory and work experiences. The
regulatory and customer requirements. For further information, has partnered with CommonWealth Education Foundation traditional art to reach to a new generation and provide the
students further learned the application of basic electronics
see the Company’s Form SD filed with the U.S. SEC. (https:// to launch the “Hope Reading Project,” which continues to soil for the seeds of theater to take root. Apart from offering
at circuit board workshops. The TSMC Education and Culture
www.tsmc.com/english/investorRelations/sec_filings.htm) improve the reading environment and culture in schools classes on university campuses, the Foundation organized four
in rural areas. As a response to the implementation of the special “TSMC Theater – When Love Knocks at your Door”
158 159

--- Page 82 ---

performances of Peking opera for nearly 500 students from provision of emergency aid, allowing disadvantaged families ● Take Care of the Elderly: The TSMC Charity Foundation disadvantaged social welfare institutes so they could utilize
high schools in the Hsinchu area, from National Tsing Hua and children from rural areas to receive material assistance collaborated with Networking of Love partners to enhance green energies, save energy, and reduce carbon emissions.
and Yang Ming Chiao Tung Universities. Through professional and a chance to improve their situation. The TSMC Charity the health and welfare of solitary elders by connecting them Charitable donations fell sharply during the pandemic, and
guided talks and demonstrations from professional actors, Foundation has established a public welfare platform to with social welfare groups and medical units. In 2021, the therefore income from wholesale energy helped these social
the Foundation lead the younger generation to appreciate connect love from all corners of society, to promote social TSMC Charity Foundation provided shuttle buses to the Home welfare institutes maintain operations. To help students
the beauty of Peking opera. Furthermore, in 2021 the TSMC change through charitable acts, and to bring together Clinic Dulan and Longchang Health Promotion Station in continue their studies when classes were suspended during
Education and Culture Foundation sponsors the broadcasting corporations for the betterment of society. Taitung County for solitary elders to increase medical mobility the pandemic, the TSMC Charity Foundation promoted
program “The Stories of Peking Opera” on the radio station, and efficiency, and to enhance medical service quality and environmental education themed around local ecological
Sound of IC: Sound of Hsinchu Science Park. The program The TSMC Charity Foundation continued to invest in public effectiveness. The TSMC Charity Foundation continued to characteristics through online classes so that students unable
is hosted by GuoGuang Opera Company’s artistic director welfare and expand project impacts in 2021 to improve its collaborate with the TSMC Facility Division to provide repairs to leave their homes could learn environmental knowledge on
Anqi Wang and National Tsing Hua University’s Associate scope of services: for disadvantaged elders living in five earthquake-damaged their computers. The TSMC Charity Foundation continued to
Professor Lo Shih-lung of the Department of Chinese Literature, locations in Hualien, thus giving them a safe and healthy living work with many food companies to donate imperfect foods
introducing theater culture in depth but in way easy for lay ● Care for the Disadvantaged: This pillar is focused on the two space. Current Networking of Love partners include Taipei to 122 collaborating care institutes for the disadvantaged,
people to understand by giving the audience a peek into the main themes of “rural empowerment” and “support for the Municipal Gandau Hospital, Taipei Veterans General Hospital, thereby achieving the goals of reducing food waste and
interesting cultural allusions behind the traditional drama plays. disadvantaged.” The TSMC Charity Foundation continued Miao-Li Hospital, Old Five Old Foundation, Fongyuan Hospital, protecting the environment. Current collaborators include
to provide education and life assistance to institutes in need China Medical University Hospital, Taichung City Private Lin Chi Mei Frozen Food Co., Ltd., Hunya Food Co., Ltd., Laurel
As well as the traditional theatre, the Foundation continues and to children in rural areas, including volunteer services, Tseng Lien Welfare And Charity Foundation, Taiwan Puli Care Corporation, Lian-Hwa Foods Corp., HSIN TUNG YANG Co.,
to sponsor National Symphony Orchestra, beginning the economic support, food supplement, purchasing high-tech Association, Sin-Lau Hospital, Tainan Municipal Hospital, Jianan Ltd., Great Wall Group, and LAO XIE ZHEN Co., Ltd.
second year “Music Traverse” project and inviting conductor equipment and developing educational materials. In 2021, Psychiatric Center Department of Health, Mennonite Christian
Lü Shao-chia to teach a master class. The Foundation hopes the TSMC Charity Foundation emphasized rural students’ Hospital, Mennonite Social Welfare Foundation, Fooyin 7.5 TSMC i-Charity Platform
to broaden the music students’ artistic horizon through employability. The Foundation integrated with 2 enterprise University, Penghu Hospital, and Cishan Hospital.
The TSMC i-Charity Platform, launched in 2014, is an
the experience of music maestros and the continuation of (HO TAI DEVELOPMENT CO., LTD. and HAPPY RECOME
interactive intranet site that employees use to propose
techniques. Meanwhile, the master classes were preserved in CO. LTD), providing training for 78 rural students from 3 ● Promote Filial Piety: The TSMC Charity Foundation
charity projects, share project results, provide responses and
the form of documentaries, which will be publicly broadcast in vocational high school obtaining the skills to work locally, promoted and passed on the spirit of filial piety in Eastern
suggestions, and conduct timely funding activities to give back
media and streamed online, thereby allowing more students meanwhile addressing labor shortage. By collaborating with culture by enhancing its awareness in younger generations
to society.
and the public to appreciate the beauty of classical music. 104 JOB BANK to publish 55 career exploring videos (target so as to alleviate social risks and issues related to aging
100 videos above) and designing vocational aptitude tests. societies. In 2021, the TSMC Charity Foundation continued
In 2021, a total of 45,500 people donated more than
The annual TSMC Hsinchu Arts Festival in 2021 centered We assist grade 7 and 8 to match their interest and potential, to work with the Filial Piety Resource Center of the K-12
NT$80.05 million to the “Support Medical Personnel Project,”
around the theme of Her Stage, painting portraits of female find the suitable career path for them. Education Administration Ministry of Education to promote
the “Oxygen for India” campaign, the “Taroko Express crash”
artists through exhibitions, performances and public talks. these concepts, conducting two filial piety parent-child
donation campaign, “Junyi Academy,” “Teach for Taiwan,”
The theme of Her Stage demonstrated to the public the In 2021, the TSMC Charity Foundation assisted 8,359 workshops at elementary schools where TSMC volunteers
and other charity projects.
extraordinary achievements of female artists and presented students at 96 rural care institutes and collaborated with provide long-term care, while jointly producing short filial
their life stories. Although some of the 28 exquisite programs TSMC volunteers to produce tutorial videos of scientific piety films and organizing award ceremonies to recognize
The TSMC i-Charity Platform has accumulated more than
took place online due to the pandemic, they still attracted over experiments and science education. When classes were excellent teaching plans so as to encourage both teachers
NT$194 million in donations from 2014 to 2021. TSMC
17,000 viewers. suspended due to the pandemic, the TSMC Charity and students in initiating intergenerational dialogues and to
continues to carry out its social commitments and encourages
Foundation supplied science learning materials to help implant the modern spirit of filial piety within the hearts of all
its employees to care for and give back to society in various
7.4 TSMC Charity Foundation students study at home and moved physical classes online participants.
ways.
to ensure students could continue their studies. The TSMC
Since its establishment in 2017, the TSMC Charity Foundation
Charity Foundation’s “Sending Love” initiative visited and ● Protect the Environment: The TSMC Charity Foundation
has focused on the four pillars of public welfare in its charitable
screened disadvantaged individuals in need of financial helped disadvantaged social welfare institutes increase
programs and projects: Care for the Disadvantaged, Taking
support, and also provided financial assistance and daily green energy usage and save power while also promoting
Care of the Elderly, Filial Piety Promotion, and Protection of
necessities funded using internal and external donations from environmental awareness online and continuing to implement
the Environment. Under the guidance of Chairperson Sophie
TSMC to improve the living conditions of highly vulnerable the Cherish Food Program to reduce resource wastage. In
Chang, the TSMC Charity Foundation observes social issues
and disadvantaged families. As of 2021, the TSMC Charity 2021, the TSMC Charity Foundation launched the “Green
and incidents from the front lines and strives to resolve social
Foundation had supported a total of 182 families. Energy” project, installing solar panels and LED lights for
inequalities through enhancement of rural education and
160 161

--- Page 83 ---

7.6 S ustainable Development Implementation Status as Required by the Taiwan Financial Supervisory
Implementation Status Non-
Commission Assessment Item implementation
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s)
Implementation Status Non- 4. Social Topic None
Assessment Item implementation (1) D oes the Company set policies and procedures in compliance with V (1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
Yes No Summary and Its Reason(s) regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles? regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 104 of
1. Does the Company have a governance structure for sustainability V For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please None this Annual Report.
development and a dedicated (or ad-hoc) sustainable development refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
organization with Board of Directors authorization for senior management, 140-144 of this Annual Report. (2) H as the Company established appropriately managed employee welfare V (2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
which is reviewed by the Board of Directors? measures (include salary and compensation, leave and others), and link compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of operational performance or achievements with employee salary and subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation” on
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization compensation? page 107, “5.6.2 Diversity and Inclusion” on page 105, “5.6.3 Workforce
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Structure” on page 105, and “5.6.7 Employee Benefit System Superior to
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual Report. Statute” on page 107-108 of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s (3) D oes the Company provide employees with a safe and healthy working V (3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and environment, with regular safety and health training? and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual Report. please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 154-157 of this Annual
Report.
2. Does the Company follow materiality principle to conduct risk assessment for V For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, None
environmental, social and corporate governance topics related to company Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
operation, and establish risk management related policy or strategy? Report. “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 154-157 of this Annual Report.
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140- improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
144 of this Annual Report. page 154-157 of this Annual Report.
3. Environmental Topic None
(4) H as the Company established effective career development training V (4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
(1) H as the Company set an environmental management system designed to V (1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
plans? plans, please refer to “5.6.5 People Development” on page 105-106 of this
industry characteristics? on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
Annual Report.
(ESH) Management” on page 145-158 and “6.3.6 Risks Regarding Non-
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
(5) D oes the Company’s product and service comply with related regulations V (5) Not applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
and international rules for customers’ health and safety, privacy, sales,
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 136-137 of this
labelling and set policies to protect consumers’ or customers’ rights and For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Annual Report.
consumer appeal procedures? Customers” on page 100 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
(6) D oes the Company set supplier management policy and request V (6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
suppliers to comply with related standards on the topics of norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
145-158 of this Annual Report.
environmental, occupational safety and health or labor right, and their occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
implementation status? Supplier Management” on page 157-158 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
(2) I s the Company committed to improving resource efficiency and to the V (2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
and Specific Actions” on page 104 of this Annual Report.
use of renewable materials with low environmental impact? renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
Recycling” on page 146-147 of this Annual Report.
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 157-158 of this Annual Report.
(3) D oes the Company evaluate current and future climate change potential V (3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
risks and opportunities and take measures related to climate related and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics, 5. Does the Company refer to international reporting rules or guidelines to V For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing None
topics? please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and publish Sustainability Report to disclose non-financial information of the non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Energy Management” on page 146-147 of this Annual Report. Company? Has the said Report acquire third party verification or statement Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of
of assurance? this Annual Report.
(4) D oes the Company collect data for greenhouse gas emissions, water V (4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
usage and waste quantity in the past two years, and set greenhouse greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in the past two For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
gas emissions reduction, water usage reduction and other waste years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of
management policies? Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy this Annual Report.
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 146-150 of this Annual Report. 6. If the Company has established its sustainable development code of practice according to “Listed Companies Sustainable Development Code of Practice,” please describe the operational status and differences.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, TSMC follows the ESG Policy set by the Chairman, Dr. Mark Liu. For sustainable development operational status, please refer to “7. Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)” on page 140-163 of this Annual
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Report and environmental social governance related information on the Company’s website: https://esg.tsmc.com/en/index.html
Protection” on page 146-152 of this Annual Report.
7. Other important information to facilitate better understanding of the Company’s implementation of sustainable development:
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy Please refer to TSMC’s website for its sustainable development implementation status: https://esg.tsmc.com/en/index.html
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 146-150 of this Annual Report.
(Continued)
162 163

[TABLE START]

Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V
V
V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s policies and specific programs in compliance with
regulations and internationally recognized human rights principles, please
refer to “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy and Specific Actions” on page 104 of
this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s employee welfare measures, including salary and
compensation, diverse and fair workplace, leave, allowance, bonuses, and
subsidies, please refer to “5.6.6 Competitive Overall Compensation” on
page 107, “5.6.2 Diversity and Inclusion” on page 105, “5.6.3 Workforce
Structure” on page 105, and “5.6.7 Employee Benefit System Superior to
Statute” on page 107-108 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s status with respect to providing employees with a safe
and healthy working environment, with regular safety and health training,
please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 154-157 of this Annual
Report.
For the Company’s related certification status and its scope, please refer to
“7.2.3 Safety and Health” on page 154-157 of this Annual Report.
For a presentation and analysis of the Company’s occupational accidents in
the current year and the number of employees involved, as well as related
improvement measures taken, please refer to “7.2.3 Safety and Health” on
page 154-157 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the scope and implementation of the Company’s employee training
plans, please refer to “5.6.5 People Development” on page 105-106 of this
Annual Report.
(5) Not applicable as TSMC is not an end product manufacturer.
For the Company’s policy to protect customers’ rights, please refer to “5.4.1
Customers” on page 100 of this Annual Report.
(6) F or the Company’s supplier management policy and related compliance
norms, and specific requirements for suppliers in environmental protection,
occupational safety and health or labor rights, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 157-158 and “5.6.1 Human Rights Policy
and Specific Actions” on page 104 of this Annual Report.
For a description of the implementation of the Company’s supplier
management policy and related compliance norms, please refer to “7.2.4
Supplier Management” on page 157-158 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the reporting rules and guidelines that the Company follows in disclosing
non-financial information in the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of
this Annual Report.
For third party verification of the Sustainability Report, please refer to “7.1
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of
this Annual Report.	
Assessment Item	Implementation Status			Non-
implementation
and Its Reason(s)
	Yes	No	Summary	
	V		For the Company’s governance structure for sustainability development, please
refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page
140-144 of this Annual Report.
For the structure, operations, implementation status and frequency of
reporting to the Board of Directors of the Company’s dedicated organization
for sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual Report.
For progress of the Board of Directors’ supervision of the Company’s
sustainability development, please refer to “7.1 Environmental, Social and
Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual Report.	
	V		For the Company’s scope of risk assessment, please refer to “7.1 Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-144 of this Annual
Report.
For the principle, process and result of the Company’s materiality analysis of
ESG related topics and risk management related policy or strategy, please refer
to “7.1 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) – Overview” on page 140-
144 of this Annual Report.	
	V
V
V
V		(1) F or the Company’s environmental management system and the regulations
on which it is based, please refer to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health
(ESH) Management” on page 145-158 and “6.3.6 Risks Regarding Non-
Compliance with Export Control, Environmental and Climate Change Related
Laws, Regulations and Accords, and Failure to Timely Obtain Requisite
Approvals Necessary for Conducting Business” on page 136-137 of this
Annual Report.
For the Company’s international certifications and their scope, please refer
to “7.2 Environmental, Safety and Health (ESH) Management” on page
145-158 of this Annual Report.
(2) F or the Company’s improvement of resource efficiency and the use of
renewable materials, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection
– Climate Change and Energy Management/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 146-147 of this Annual Report.
(3) F or the Company’s evaluation of potential risks and opportunities of current
and future climate change and measures taken related to climate topics,
please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management” on page 146-147 of this Annual Report.
(4) F or the Company’s statistical data, intensity and data coverage for
greenhouse gas emissions, water usage and waste quantity in the past two
years, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and
Energy Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 146-150 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s policies on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions,
water usage and waste management, please refer to “7.2.1 Environmental
Protection” on page 146-152 of this Annual Report.
For the Company’s certification status of each data set and its scope, please
refer to “7.2.1 Environmental Protection – Climate Change and Energy
Management/Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission Reduction and Energy
Management/Air and Water Pollution Control/Waste Management and
Recycling” on page 146-150 of this Annual Report.	

[TABLE END]


--- Page 84 ---

116644 116655

--- Page 114 ---

Right-of-use assets are depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement dates to the
earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease terms. If the lease
transfers ownership of the underlying assets to the Company by the end of the lease terms or if the cost of
right-of-use assets reflects that the Company will exercise a purchase option, the Company depreciates the
right-of-use assets from the commencement dates to the end of the useful lives of the underlying assets.
Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the lease payments. Lease payments comprise fixed
payments, variable lease payments which depend on an index or a rate and the exercise price of a purchase
option if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option. The lease payments are discounted
using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rates.
Subsequently, lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, with
interest expense recognized over the lease terms. When there is a change in a lease term, a change in future
lease payments resulting from a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payments, or a change
in the assessment of an option to purchase an underlying asset, the Company remeasures the lease liabilities
with a corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use assets. Lease liabilities are presented on a separate line
in the consolidated balance sheets.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expenses in the periods
in which they are incurred.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Other intangible assets
Other separately acquired intangible assets with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization is recognized using the straight-line method
over the following estimated useful lives: Technology license fees - the estimated life of the technology or
the term of the technology transfer contract; software and system design costs - 3 years or contract period;
patent and others - the economic life or contract period. The estimated useful life and amortization method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is
an indication that the cash generating unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing,
goodwill is allocated to each of the Company’s cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units
that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the recoverable amount of a
cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the difference is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to such cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the cash
generating unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash generating unit. Any
impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for
goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.
- 24 -
- 24 -

[TABLE START]

Right-of-use assets are depreciated using the straight-line method from the commencement dates to the
earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease terms. If the lease
transfers ownership of the underlying assets to the Company by the end of the lease terms or if the cost of
right-of-use assets reflects that the Company will exercise a purchase option, the Company depreciates the
right-of-use assets from the commencement dates to the end of the useful lives of the underlying assets.
Lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the lease payments. Lease payments comprise fixed
payments, variable lease payments which depend on an index or a rate and the exercise price of a purchase
option if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option. The lease payments are discounted
using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rates.
Subsequently, lease liabilities are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method, with
interest expense recognized over the lease terms. When there is a change in a lease term, a change in future
lease payments resulting from a change in an index or a rate used to determine those payments, or a change
in the assessment of an option to purchase an underlying asset, the Company remeasures the lease liabilities
with a corresponding adjustment to the right-of-use assets. Lease liabilities are presented on a separate line
in the consolidated balance sheets.
Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as expenses in the periods
in which they are incurred.
Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
the business less accumulated impairment losses, if any.
Other intangible assets
Other separately acquired intangible assets with finite useful lives are carried at cost less accumulated
amortization and accumulated impairment losses. Amortization is recognized using the straight-line method
over the following estimated useful lives: Technology license fees - the estimated life of the technology or
the term of the technology transfer contract; software and system design costs - 3 years or contract period;
patent and others - the economic life or contract period. The estimated useful life and amortization method
are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted
for on a prospective basis.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is not amortized and instead is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is
an indication that the cash generating unit may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing,
goodwill is allocated to each of the Company’s cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units
that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. If the recoverable amount of a
cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the difference is allocated first to reduce the carrying
amount of any goodwill allocated to such cash generating unit and then to the other assets of the cash
generating unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the cash generating unit. Any
impairment loss for goodwill is recognized directly in profit or loss. An impairment loss recognized for
goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.
- 24 -
- 24 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 115 ---

Tangible assets, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets
(property, plant and equipment), right-of-use assets and other intangible assets to determine whether there is
any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. When
it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and
consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual
cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for
which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.
Revenue is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales
returns and other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the
consideration of varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued
expenses and other current liabilities.
In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from the
end of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of
goods with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts
without discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
- 25 -
- 25 -

[TABLE START]

Tangible assets, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets
At the end of each reporting period, the Company reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets
(property, plant and equipment), right-of-use assets and other intangible assets to determine whether there is
any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the
recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss. When
it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Company estimates the
recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. When a reasonable and
consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual
cash-generating units, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash-generating units for
which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.
Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which
the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An
impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.
When an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or a cash-generating unit
is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but the increased carrying amount does not
exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognized for
the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately
in profit or loss.
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when performance obligations are satisfied. The performance obligations
are satisfied when customers obtain control of the promised goods, which is generally when the goods are
delivered to the customers’ specified locations.
Revenue from sale of goods is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable.
Revenue is reduced for estimated customer returns, rebates and other similar allowances. Estimated sales
returns and other allowances is generally made and adjusted based on historical experience and the
consideration of varying contractual terms to recognize refund liabilities, which is classified under accrued
expenses and other current liabilities.
In principle, payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from the
end of the month of when the invoice is issued. Due to the short term nature of the receivables from sale of
goods with the immaterial discounted effect, the Company measures them at the original invoice amounts
without discounting.
Employee Benefits
Short-term employee benefits
Liabilities recognized in respect of short-term employee benefits are measured at the undiscounted amount
of the benefits expected to be paid in exchange for service rendered by employees.
Retirement benefits
For defined contribution retirement benefit plans, payments to the benefit plan are recognized as an expense
when the employees have rendered service entitling them to the contribution. For defined benefit retirement
benefit plans, the cost of providing benefit is recognized based on actuarial calculations.
- 25 -
- 25 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 116 ---

Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in
which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in
retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent
to the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards
and tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only
recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
the deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also
reviewed at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in
which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at
the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax
are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
- 26 -
- 26 -

[TABLE START]

Defined benefit costs (including service cost, net interest and remeasurement) under the defined benefit
retirement benefit plans are determined using the Projected Unit Credit Method. Service cost (including
current service cost), and net interest on the net defined benefit liability (asset) are recognized as employee
benefits expense in the period they occur. Remeasurement, comprising actuarial gains and losses and the
return on plan assets (excluding interest), is recognized in other comprehensive income in the period in
which they occur. Remeasurement recognized in other comprehensive income is reflected immediately in
retained earnings and will not be reclassified to profit or loss.
Net defined benefit liability represents the actual deficit in the Company’s defined benefit plan.
Taxation
Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.
Current tax
Income tax on unappropriated earnings (excluding earnings from foreign consolidated subsidiaries) is
expensed in the year the shareholders approved the appropriation of earnings which is the year subsequent
to the year the earnings are generated.
Adjustments of prior years’ tax liabilities are added to or deducted from the current year’s tax provision.
Deferred tax
Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
assets are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards
and tax credits for research and development expenses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits
will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
subsidiaries and associates, except where the Company is able to control the reversal of the temporary
difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only
recognized to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
utilize the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.
The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
the deferred tax asset to be recovered. The deferred tax assets which originally not recognized is also
reviewed at the end of each reporting period and recognized to the extent that it is probable that sufficient
taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.
Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year in
which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and
assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at
the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.
Current and deferred tax for the year
Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax
are also recognized in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.
- 26 -
- 26 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 117 ---

Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets.
Government grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from
incurred expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
The Company has considered the economic implications of COVID-19 on critical accounting estimates and
will continue evaluating the impact on its financial position and financial performance as a result of the
pandemic.
In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Critical Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and
circumstances from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered
include contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the
underlying asset to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in
circumstances that are within the control of the Company occurs.
- 27 -
- 27 -

[TABLE START]

Government Grants
Government grants are not recognized until there is reasonable assurance that the Company will comply
with the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.
Government grants whose primary condition is that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise
acquire noncurrent assets (mainly including land use right and depreciable assets) are recognized as a
deduction from the carrying amount of the related assets and recognized as a reduced depreciation or
amortization charge in profit or loss over the contract period or useful lives of the related assets.
Government grants that are receivables as compensation for expenses already incurred are deducted from
incurred expenses in the period in which they become receivables.
5. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENTS AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION AND
UNCERTAINTY
The Company has considered the economic implications of COVID-19 on critical accounting estimates and
will continue evaluating the impact on its financial position and financial performance as a result of the
pandemic.
In the application of the aforementioned Company’s accounting policies, the Company is required to make
judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical
experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these
estimates.
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
estimates are recognized in the year in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that year, or
in the year of the revision and future years if the revision affects both current and future years.
Critical Accounting Judgments
Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenue when the conditions described in Note 4 are satisfied.
Commencement of Depreciation Related to Property, Plant and Equipment Classified as Equipment
under Installation and Construction in Progress (EUI/CIP)
As described in Note 4, commencement of depreciation related to EUI/CIP involves determining when the
assets are available for their intended use. The criteria the Company uses to determine whether EUI/CIP are
available for their intended use involves subjective judgments and assumptions about the conditions
necessary for the assets to be capable of operating in the intended manner.
Judgments on Lease Terms
In determining a lease term, the Company considers all facts and circumstances that create an economic
incentive to exercise or not to exercise an option, including any expected changes in facts and
circumstances from the commencement date until the exercise date of the option. Main factors considered
include contractual terms and conditions covered by the optional periods, and the importance of the
underlying asset to the lessee’s operations, etc. The lease term is reassessed if a significant change in
circumstances that are within the control of the Company occurs.
- 27 -
- 27 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 118 ---

Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to
determine the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net
realizable value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of
future demand within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected
future revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the
deferred tax assets requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and
profitability, tax holidays, the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any
changes in the global economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could
result in significant adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Cash and deposits in banks $ 1,058,808,104 $ 653,580,548
Repurchase agreements 5,275,345 1,750,443
Government bonds 906,743 3,716,119
Commercial paper - 1,123,537
(cid:289) $ 1,064,990,192 $ 660,170,647
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts
of cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
- 28 -
- 28 -

[TABLE START]

Key Sources of Estimation and Uncertainty
Estimation of Sales Returns and Allowances
Sales returns and other allowance is estimated and recorded based on historical experience and in
consideration of different contractual terms. The amount is deducted from revenue in the same period the
related revenue is recorded. The Company periodically reviews the reasonableness of the estimates.
Valuation of Inventory
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and the Company uses estimate to
determine the net realizable value of inventory at the end of each reporting period.
The Company estimates the net realizable value of inventory for normal waste, obsolescence and
unmarketable items at the end of reporting period and then writes down the cost of inventories to net
realizable value. The net realizable value of the inventory is determined mainly based on assumptions of
future demand within a specific time horizon.
Impairment of Tangible Assets, Right-of-use Assets and Intangible Assets Other than Goodwill
In the process of evaluating the potential impairment of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible
assets other than goodwill, the Company determines the independent cash flows, useful lives, expected
future revenue and expenses related to the specific asset groups with the consideration of the nature of
semiconductor industry. Any change in these estimates based on changed economic conditions or business
strategies could result in significant impairment charges or reversal in future years.
Realization of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be
available against which those deferred tax assets can be utilized. Assessment of the realization of the
deferred tax assets requires subjective judgment and estimate, including the future revenue growth and
profitability, tax holidays, the amount of tax credits can be utilized and feasible tax planning strategies. Any
changes in the global economic environment, the industry trends and relevant laws and regulations could
result in significant adjustments to the deferred tax assets.
Determination of Lessees’ Incremental Borrowing Rates
In determining a lessee’s incremental borrowing rate used in discounting lease payments, the Company
mainly takes into account the market risk-free rates, the estimated lessee’s credit spreads and secured status
in a similar economic environment.
6. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Cash and deposits in banks $ 1,058,808,104 $ 653,580,548
Repurchase agreements 5,275,345 1,750,443
Government bonds 906,743 3,716,119
Commercial paper - 1,123,537
(cid:289) $ 1,064,990,192 $ 660,170,647
Deposits in banks consisted of highly liquid time deposits that were readily convertible to known amounts
of cash and were subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.
- 28 -
- 28 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 119 ---

7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Forward exchange contracts $ 159,048 $ 2,259,412
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 681,914 $ 94,128
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2021
Sell NT$ January 2022 to March 2022 NT$ 132,734,482
Sell US$ January 2022 to March 2022 US$ 2,009,148
December 31, 2020
Sell NT$ January 2021 to March 2021 NT$ 144,697,981
Sell US$ January 2021 to March 2021 US$ 1,176,858
8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 57,253,161 $ 56,593,623
Agency bonds/Agency mortgage-backed securities 32,070,114 43,977,113
Government bonds 21,345,794 13,459,503
Asset-backed securities 8,660,424 8,368,264
119,329,493 122,398,503
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments 5,887,892 4,514,940
Publicly traded stocks 189,758 49,950
6,077,650 4,564,890
$ 125,407,143 $ 126,963,393
(Continued)
- 29 -
- 29 -

[TABLE START]

7. FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial assets
Mandatorily measured at FVTPL
Forward exchange contracts $ 159,048 $ 2,259,412
Financial liabilities
Held for trading
Forward exchange contracts $ 681,914 $ 94,128
The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to manage exposures due to fluctuations of foreign
exchange rates. These forward exchange contracts did not meet the criteria for hedge accounting. Therefore,
the Company did not apply hedge accounting treatment for these forward exchange contracts.
Outstanding forward exchange contracts consisted of the following:
Contract Amount
Maturity Date (In Thousands)
December 31, 2021
Sell NT$ January 2022 to March 2022 NT$ 132,734,482
Sell US$ January 2022 to March 2022 US$ 2,009,148
December 31, 2020
Sell NT$ January 2021 to March 2021 NT$ 144,697,981
Sell US$ January 2021 to March 2021 US$ 1,176,858
8. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI
Corporate bonds $ 57,253,161 $ 56,593,623
Agency bonds/Agency mortgage-backed securities 32,070,114 43,977,113
Government bonds 21,345,794 13,459,503
Asset-backed securities 8,660,424 8,368,264
119,329,493 122,398,503
Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI
Non-publicly traded equity investments 5,887,892 4,514,940
Publicly traded stocks 189,758 49,950
6,077,650 4,564,890
$ 125,407,143 $ 126,963,393
(Continued)
- 29 -
- 29 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 120 ---

December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Current $ 119,519,251 $ 122,448,453
Noncurrent 5,887,892 4,514,940
$ 125,407,143 $ 126,963,393
(Concluded)
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All of the dividends are from investments held at the end of the reporting period.
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as non-publicly traded investees were acquired and the
Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for
NT$628,711 thousand and NT$8 thousand, respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss on
financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$185,993 thousand and NT$108,996 thousand were transferred to
increase and decrease retained earnings, respectively.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$33,209
thousand and NT$32,480 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 32 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit
loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Corporate bonds $ 5,310,039 $ 10,977,298
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (3,077) (7,099)
$ 5,306,962 $ 10,970,199
Current $ 3,773,571 $ 6,597,992
Noncurrent 1,533,391 4,372,207
$ 5,306,962 $ 10,970,199
Refer to Note 32 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ - $ 47
Cash flow hedges
Forward interest rate contracts 13,468 -
$ 13,468 $ 47
- 30 -
- 30 -

[TABLE START]

December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Current $ 119,519,251 $ 122,448,453
Noncurrent 5,887,892 4,514,940
$ 125,407,143 $ 126,963,393
(Concluded)
These investments in equity instruments are held for medium to long-term purposes and therefore are
accounted for as FVTOCI. For dividends recognized from these investments, please refer to consolidated
statements of cash flows. All of the dividends are from investments held at the end of the reporting period.
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as non-publicly traded investees were acquired and the
Company adjusted its investment portfolio, equity investments designated at FVTOCI were divested for
NT$628,711 thousand and NT$8 thousand, respectively. The related other equity-unrealized gain/loss on
financial assets at FVTOCI of NT$185,993 thousand and NT$108,996 thousand were transferred to
increase and decrease retained earnings, respectively.
As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the cumulative loss allowance for expected credit loss of NT$33,209
thousand and NT$32,480 thousand was recognized under investments in debt instruments at FVTOCI,
respectively. Refer to Note 32 for information relating to the credit risk management and expected credit
loss.
9. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Corporate bonds $ 5,310,039 $ 10,977,298
Less: Allowance for impairment loss (3,077) (7,099)
$ 5,306,962 $ 10,970,199
Current $ 3,773,571 $ 6,597,992
Noncurrent 1,533,391 4,372,207
$ 5,306,962 $ 10,970,199
Refer to Note 32 for information relating to credit risk management and expected credit loss for financial
assets at amortized cost.
10. HEDGING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial assets- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ - $ 47
Cash flow hedges
Forward interest rate contracts 13,468 -
$ 13,468 $ 47
- 30 -
- 30 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 121 ---

(Continued)
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 9,642 $ 1,169
(Concluded)
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the value of the interest rate futures contracts and the value of the
hedged financial assets change in opposite directions in response to movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other
sources of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of
hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses, net.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2021
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 53,900 March 2022
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,079,274 $ 9,642
December 31, 2020
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 88,700 March 2021
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 6,198,683 $ 1,122
- 31 -
- 31 -

[TABLE START]

(Continued)
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Financial liabilities- current
Fair value hedges
Interest rate futures contracts $ 9,642 $ 1,169
(Concluded)
Fair value hedge
The Company entered into interest rate futures contracts, which are used to partially hedge against the fair
value changes caused by interest rate fluctuation in the Company’s fixed income investments. The hedge
ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
On the basis of economic relationships, the value of the interest rate futures contracts and the value of the
hedged financial assets change in opposite directions in response to movements in interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is the credit risk of the hedged
financial assets, which is not reflected in the fair value of the interest rate futures contracts. No other
sources of ineffectiveness emerged from these hedging relationships during the hedging period. Amount of
hedge ineffectiveness recognized in profit or loss is classified under other gains and losses, net.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2021
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 53,900 March 2022
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 4,079,274 $ 9,642
December 31, 2020
Contract Amount
Hedging Instruments (US$ in Thousands) Maturity
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury US$ 88,700 March 2021
futures
Accumulated Amount of
Fair Value Hedge
Hedged Items Asset Carrying Amount Adjustments
Financial assets at FVTOCI $ 6,198,683 $ 1,122
- 31 -
- 31 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 122 ---

The effect for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is detailed below:
Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury futures $ 148,817 $ (353,611)
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI (148,817) 353,611
$ - $ -
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks or interest rate
risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures or issuance of
debts). The hedge ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
The forward contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward contracts and the
value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign
exchange rates or interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward contracts. No other sources of ineffectiveness
emerged from these hedging relationships. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, refer to Note
21(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments, the amount transferred
to initial carrying amount of hedged items and the amount reclassified to finance costs of hedged items.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2021
Balance in
Other Equity
Contract Amount (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Maturity Hedges)
Forward interest rate contracts US$ 328,000 January 2022 $ 128,165
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is detailed below:
Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts (capital expenditures) $ (41,416) $ 24,085
Forward interest rate contracts (issuance of debts) $ 132,508 $ -
(Continued)
- 32 -
- 32 -

[TABLE START]

The effect for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is detailed below:
Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedging Instruments
Interest rate futures contracts - US Treasury futures $ 148,817 $ (353,611)
Hedged Items
Financial assets at FVTOCI (148,817) 353,611
$ - $ -
Cash flow hedge
The Company entered into forward contracts to partially hedge foreign exchange rate risks or interest rate
risks associated with certain highly probable forecast transactions (capital expenditures or issuance of
debts). The hedge ratio is adjusted in response to the changes in the financial market and capped at 100%.
The forward contracts have maturities of 12 months or less.
On the basis of economic relationships, the Company expects that the value of forward contracts and the
value of hedged transactions will change in opposite directions in response to movements in foreign
exchange rates or interest rates.
The main source of hedge ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships is driven by the effect of the
counterparty’s own credit risk on the fair value of forward contracts. No other sources of ineffectiveness
emerged from these hedging relationships. For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, refer to Note
21(d) for gain or loss arising from changes in the fair value of hedging instruments, the amount transferred
to initial carrying amount of hedged items and the amount reclassified to finance costs of hedged items.
The following tables summarize the information relating to the hedges of interest rate risks.
December 31, 2021
Balance in
Other Equity
Contract Amount (Continuing
Hedging Instruments (In Thousands) Maturity Hedges)
Forward interest rate contracts US$ 328,000 January 2022 $ 128,165
The effect for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is detailed below:
Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedging Instruments
Forward exchange contracts (capital expenditures) $ (41,416) $ 24,085
Forward interest rate contracts (issuance of debts) $ 132,508 $ -
(Continued)
- 32 -
- 32 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 123 ---

Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ 41,416 $ (24,085)
Forecast transaction (issuance of debts) $(132,508) $ -
(Concluded)
11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 193,733,220 $ 142,771,597
Less: Loss allowance (347,020) (246,626)
193,386,200 142,524,971
At FVTOCI 4,199,909 2,955,301
$ 197,586,109 $ 145,480,272
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held
within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for
credit-impaired accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit
loss ratio of customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and
customers’ financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due
over 90 days without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Not past due $ 191,740,045 $ 140,933,622
Past due
Past due within 30 days 6,186,814 4,784,425
Past due 31-60 days 6,182 8,708
Past due 61-120 days 88 48
Past due over 121 days - 95
Less: Loss allowance (347,020) (246,626)
$ 197,586,109 $ 145,480,272
All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
- 33 -
- 33 -

[TABLE START]

Increase (Decrease) in Value Used
for Calculating Hedge
Hedging Instruments/Hedged Items Ineffectiveness
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Hedged Items
Forecast transaction (capital expenditures) $ 41,416 $ (24,085)
Forecast transaction (issuance of debts) $(132,508) $ -
(Concluded)
11. NOTES AND ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE, NET
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
At amortized cost
Notes and accounts receivable $ 193,733,220 $ 142,771,597
Less: Loss allowance (347,020) (246,626)
193,386,200 142,524,971
At FVTOCI 4,199,909 2,955,301
$ 197,586,109 $ 145,480,272
The Company signed a contract with the bank to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse and
transaction cost required. These accounts receivable are classified as at FVTOCI because they are held
within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets.
In principle, the payment term granted to customers is due 30 days from the invoice date or 30 days from
the end of the month when the invoice is issued. Aside from recognizing impairment loss for
credit-impaired accounts receivable, the Company recognizes loss allowance based on the expected credit
loss ratio of customers by different risk levels with consideration of factors of historical loss ratios and
customers’ financial conditions, competitiveness and business outlook. For accounts receivable past due
over 90 days without collaterals or guarantees, the Company recognizes loss allowance at full amount.
Aging analysis of notes and accounts receivable
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Not past due $ 191,740,045 $ 140,933,622
Past due
Past due within 30 days 6,186,814 4,784,425
Past due 31-60 days 6,182 8,708
Past due 61-120 days 88 48
Past due over 121 days - 95
Less: Loss allowance (347,020) (246,626)
$ 197,586,109 $ 145,480,272
All of the Company’s accounts receivable classified as at FVTOCI were not past due.
- 33 -
- 33 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 124 ---

Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 246,626 $ 325,325
Provision (Reversal) 100,408 (78,474)
Effect of exchange rate changes (14) (225)
Balance, end of year $ 347,020 $ 246,626
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Finished goods $ 32,562,750 $ 21,705,625
Work in process 137,700,402 91,672,870
Raw materials 11,111,122 14,715,963
Supplies and spare parts 11,728,047 9,258,949
$ 193,102,321 $ 137,353,407
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue during reporting period. The
amounts are illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Inventory losses $ 533,034 $ 3,664,513
13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2021 2020 2021 2020
Vanguard International Manufacturing, sales, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 10,613,127 $ 9,029,890 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and sales of integrated Singapore 6,795,699 5,900,245 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan 3,046,961 2,554,123 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 1,484,683 1,328,620 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and marketing
of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Technology Co., Ltd. Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan 22,948 28,183 28% 28%
(Mutual-Pak) wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and researching,
developing and testing of RFID
$ 21,963,418 $ 18,841,061
- 34 -
- 34 -

[TABLE START]

Movements of the loss allowance for accounts receivable
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 246,626 $ 325,325
Provision (Reversal) 100,408 (78,474)
Effect of exchange rate changes (14) (225)
Balance, end of year $ 347,020 $ 246,626
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the changes in loss allowance were mainly due to the
variations in the balance of accounts receivable of different risk levels.
12. INVENTORIES
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Finished goods $ 32,562,750 $ 21,705,625
Work in process 137,700,402 91,672,870
Raw materials 11,111,122 14,715,963
Supplies and spare parts 11,728,047 9,258,949
$ 193,102,321 $ 137,353,407
Write-down of inventories to net realizable value and reversal of write-down of inventories resulting from
the increase in net realizable value were included in the cost of revenue during reporting period. The
amounts are illustrated below:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Inventory losses $ 533,034 $ 3,664,513
13. INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING EQUITY METHOD
Associates consisted of the following:
% of Ownership and Voting Rights Held
Place of Carrying Amount by the Company
Incorporation and December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate Principal Activities Operation 2021 2020 2021 2020
Vanguard International Manufacturing, sales, packaging, Hsinchu, Taiwan $ 10,613,127 $ 9,029,890 28% 28%
Semiconductor Corporation testing and computer-aided design of
(VIS) integrated circuits and other
semiconductor devices and the
manufacturing and design service of
masks
Systems on Silicon Manufacturing and sales of integrated Singapore 6,795,699 5,900,245 39% 39%
Manufacturing Company Pte circuits and other semiconductor
Ltd. (SSMC) devices
Xintec Inc. (Xintec) Wafer level chip size packaging and Taoyuan, Taiwan 3,046,961 2,554,123 41% 41%
wafer level post passivation
interconnection service
Global Unichip Corporation Researching, developing, Hsinchu, Taiwan 1,484,683 1,328,620 35% 35%
(GUC) manufacturing, testing and marketing
of integrated circuits
Mutual-Pak Technology Co., Ltd. Manufacturing of electronic parts, New Taipei, Taiwan 22,948 28,183 28% 28%
(Mutual-Pak) wholesaling and retailing of
electronic materials, and researching,
developing and testing of RFID
$ 21,963,418 $ 18,841,061
- 34 -
- 34 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 125 ---

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the associates’ ownership held by the Company in publicly traded stocks calculated by
the closing price at the end of the reporting period are summarized as follows. The closing price represents
the quoted price in active markets, the level 1 fair value measurement.
December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2021 2020
VIS $ 73,347,312 $ 53,849,925
GUC $ 27,359,085 $ 15,827,184
Xintec $ 15,913,315 $ 20,420,233
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Assets used by the Company $ 1,975,113,974 $ 1,554,585,938
Assets subject to operating leases 4,730 1,003,182
$ 1,975,118,704 $ 1,555,589,120
a. Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
Additions 2,587,183 53,971,271 401,659,011 7,642,962 369,545,869 835,406,296
Disposals or retirements - (41,143 ) (26,192,191 ) (333,385 ) - (26,566,719 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 35,478 1,443,590 - - 1,479,068
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (244,579 ) - - (244,579 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (41,578 ) 184,697 1,077,673 (18,055 ) (355,496 ) 847,241
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Additions 1,329 34,331,645 368,777,680 8,373,282 - 411,483,936
Disposals or retirements - (36,527 ) (22,230,098 ) (332,557 ) - (22,599,182 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 15,066 436,816 - - 451,882
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (68,279 ) - - (68,279 )
Impairment - - 274,388 - - 274,388
Effect of exchange rate
changes (7,632 ) 55,587 818,965 (16,394 ) - 850,526
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2021 $ 5,988,404 $ 270,432,535 $ 1,081,209,795 $ 24,327,507 $ 593,155,733 $ 1,975,113,974
(Continued)
- 35 -
- 35 -

[TABLE START]

As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, no investments in associates are individually material to the Company.
Please refer to the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for recognition of share of both profit
(loss) and other comprehensive income (loss) of associates that are not individually material.
The market prices of the associates’ ownership held by the Company in publicly traded stocks calculated by
the closing price at the end of the reporting period are summarized as follows. The closing price represents
the quoted price in active markets, the level 1 fair value measurement.
December 31, December 31,
Name of Associate 2021 2020
VIS $ 73,347,312 $ 53,849,925
GUC $ 27,359,085 $ 15,827,184
Xintec $ 15,913,315 $ 20,420,233
14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Assets used by the Company $ 1,975,113,974 $ 1,554,585,938
Assets subject to operating leases 4,730 1,003,182
$ 1,975,118,704 $ 1,555,589,120
a. Assets used by the Company
Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
Additions 2,587,183 53,971,271 401,659,011 7,642,962 369,545,869 835,406,296
Disposals or retirements - (41,143 ) (26,192,191 ) (333,385 ) - (26,566,719 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 35,478 1,443,590 - - 1,479,068
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (244,579 ) - - (244,579 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (41,578 ) 184,697 1,077,673 (18,055 ) (355,496 ) 847,241
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 6,488,230 $ 576,597,777 $ 3,984,749,236 $ 76,154,170 $ 593,155,733 $ 5,237,145,146
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Additions 1,329 34,331,645 368,777,680 8,373,282 - 411,483,936
Disposals or retirements - (36,527 ) (22,230,098 ) (332,557 ) - (22,599,182 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 15,066 436,816 - - 451,882
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (68,279 ) - - (68,279 )
Impairment - - 274,388 - - 274,388
Effect of exchange rate
changes (7,632 ) 55,587 818,965 (16,394 ) - 850,526
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 499,826 $ 306,165,242 $ 2,903,539,441 $ 51,826,663 $ - $ 3,262,031,172
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2021 $ 5,988,404 $ 270,432,535 $ 1,081,209,795 $ 24,327,507 $ 593,155,733 $ 1,975,113,974
(Continued)
- 35 -
- 35 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 126 ---

Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 3,991,798 $ 438,075,063 $ 2,886,622,968 $ 54,611,364 $ 528,295,086 $ 3,911,596,279
Additions (deductions) - 84,882,543 729,943,300 15,112,949 (304,218,044 ) 525,720,748
Disposals or retirements - (41,568 ) (6,397,279 ) (734,129 ) - (7,172,976 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 23,142 - - - 23,142
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (1,199,011 ) - - (1,199,011 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (49,173 ) (491,706 ) (1,964,246 ) (127,536 ) (111,682 ) (2,744,343 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 538,690 $ 243,059,390 $ 2,278,265,943 $ 37,418,395 $ - $ 2,559,282,418
Additions 1,479 29,209,096 285,393,637 7,216,921 - 321,821,133
Disposals or retirements - (27,990 ) (6,012,942 ) (732,403 ) - (6,773,335 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 8,215 - - - 8,215
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (202,593 ) - - (202,593 )
Impairment - - 10,159 - - 10,159
Effect of exchange rate
changes (34,040 ) (449,240 ) (1,924,235 ) (100,581 ) - (2,508,096 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2020 $ 3,436,496 $ 250,648,003 $ 1,051,475,763 $ 25,060,316 $ 223,965,360 $ 1,554,585,938
(Concluded)
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of
20 years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an impairment loss of NT$274,388 thousand for
certain machinery and equipment that was assessed to have no future use, and the recoverable amount
of certain machinery and equipment was nil. Such impairment loss was recognized in other operating
income and expenses.
b. Assets subject to operating leases
Machinery and
Buildings Equipment Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 227,529 $ 1,199,011 $ 1,426,540
Transfers to assets used by the Company (35,478) (1,443,590) (1,479,068)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 244,579 244,579
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 192,051 $ - $ 192,051
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 201,366 $ 221,992 $ 423,358
Additions 1,021 146,545 147,566
Transfers to assets used by the Company (15,066) (436,816) (451,882)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 68,279 68,279
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 187,321 $ - $ 187,321
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2021 $ 4,730 $ - $ 4,730
(Continued)
- 36 -
- 36 -

[TABLE START]

Equipment under
Installation and
Land and Land Machinery and Office Construction in
Improvements Buildings Equipment Equipment Progress Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 3,991,798 $ 438,075,063 $ 2,886,622,968 $ 54,611,364 $ 528,295,086 $ 3,911,596,279
Additions (deductions) - 84,882,543 729,943,300 15,112,949 (304,218,044 ) 525,720,748
Disposals or retirements - (41,568 ) (6,397,279 ) (734,129 ) - (7,172,976 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 23,142 - - - 23,142
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (1,199,011 ) - - (1,199,011 )
Effect of exchange rate
changes (49,173 ) (491,706 ) (1,964,246 ) (127,536 ) (111,682 ) (2,744,343 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 3,942,625 $ 522,447,474 $ 3,607,005,732 $ 68,862,648 $ 223,965,360 $ 4,426,223,839
Accumulated depreciation
and impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 538,690 $ 243,059,390 $ 2,278,265,943 $ 37,418,395 $ - $ 2,559,282,418
Additions 1,479 29,209,096 285,393,637 7,216,921 - 321,821,133
Disposals or retirements - (27,990 ) (6,012,942 ) (732,403 ) - (6,773,335 )
Transfers from assets subject
to operating leases - 8,215 - - - 8,215
Transfers to assets subject to
operating leases - - (202,593 ) - - (202,593 )
Impairment - - 10,159 - - 10,159
Effect of exchange rate
changes (34,040 ) (449,240 ) (1,924,235 ) (100,581 ) - (2,508,096 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 506,129 $ 271,799,471 $ 2,555,529,969 $ 43,802,332 $ - $ 2,871,637,901
Carrying amounts at
December 31, 2020 $ 3,436,496 $ 250,648,003 $ 1,051,475,763 $ 25,060,316 $ 223,965,360 $ 1,554,585,938
(Concluded)
The significant part of the Company’s buildings includes main plants, mechanical and electrical power
equipment and clean rooms, and the related depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful lives of
20 years, 10 years and 10 years, respectively.
In the first quarter of 2021, the Company recognized an impairment loss of NT$274,388 thousand for
certain machinery and equipment that was assessed to have no future use, and the recoverable amount
of certain machinery and equipment was nil. Such impairment loss was recognized in other operating
income and expenses.
b. Assets subject to operating leases
Machinery and
Buildings Equipment Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 227,529 $ 1,199,011 $ 1,426,540
Transfers to assets used by the Company (35,478) (1,443,590) (1,479,068)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 244,579 244,579
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 192,051 $ - $ 192,051
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 201,366 $ 221,992 $ 423,358
Additions 1,021 146,545 147,566
Transfers to assets used by the Company (15,066) (436,816) (451,882)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 68,279 68,279
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 187,321 $ - $ 187,321
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2021 $ 4,730 $ - $ 4,730
(Continued)
- 36 -
- 36 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 127 ---

Machinery and
Buildings Equipment Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 562,610 $ - $ 562,610
Disposals or retirements (311,939) - (311,939)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (23,142) - (23,142)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 1,199,011 1,199,011
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 227,529 $ 1,199,011 $ 1,426,540
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 499,066 $ - $ 499,066
Additions 16,281 19,399 35,680
Disposals or retirements (305,766) - (305,766)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (8,215) - (8,215)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 202,593 202,593
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 201,366 $ 221,992 $ 423,358
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 26,163 $ 977,019 $ 1,003,182
(Concluded)
Operating leases relate to leases of buildings and leases of machinery and equipment with lease terms
ranging between approximately 1 to 5 years. The lessees do not have purchase options to acquire the
assets at the expiration of the lease periods.
The maturity analysis of operating lease payments receivable from the buildings and machinery and
equipment is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Year 1 $ 17,978 $ 149,120
Year 2 - 16,992
$ 17,978 $ 166,112
15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Carrying amounts
Land $ 29,778,636 $ 25,141,908
Buildings 2,918,133 2,544,742
Machinery and equipment 3,474 -
Office equipment 34,294 41,732
$ 32,734,537 $ 27,728,382
- 37 -
- 37 -

[TABLE START]

Machinery and
Buildings Equipment Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 562,610 $ - $ 562,610
Disposals or retirements (311,939) - (311,939)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (23,142) - (23,142)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 1,199,011 1,199,011
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 227,529 $ 1,199,011 $ 1,426,540
Accumulated depreciation
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 499,066 $ - $ 499,066
Additions 16,281 19,399 35,680
Disposals or retirements (305,766) - (305,766)
Transfers to assets used by the Company (8,215) - (8,215)
Transfers from assets used by the Company - 202,593 202,593
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 201,366 $ 221,992 $ 423,358
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 26,163 $ 977,019 $ 1,003,182
(Concluded)
Operating leases relate to leases of buildings and leases of machinery and equipment with lease terms
ranging between approximately 1 to 5 years. The lessees do not have purchase options to acquire the
assets at the expiration of the lease periods.
The maturity analysis of operating lease payments receivable from the buildings and machinery and
equipment is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Year 1 $ 17,978 $ 149,120
Year 2 - 16,992
$ 17,978 $ 166,112
15. LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
a. Right-of-use assets
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Carrying amounts
Land $ 29,778,636 $ 25,141,908
Buildings 2,918,133 2,544,742
Machinery and equipment 3,474 -
Office equipment 34,294 41,732
$ 32,734,537 $ 27,728,382
- 37 -
- 37 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 128 ---

Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 7,769,782 $ 13,481,172
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 1,825,712 $ 1,312,888
Buildings 707,856 569,531
Machinery and equipment 539 775,809
Office equipment 22,091 23,402
$ 2,556,198 $ 2,681,630
Income from subleasing right-of-use assets (classified under
other operating income and expenses, net) $ 82,031 $ 79,624
b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 2,176,451 $ 1,828,025
Noncurrent portion 20,764,214 20,560,649
$ 22,940,665 $ 22,388,674
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Land 0.39%-2.14% 0.48%-2.14%
Buildings 0.39%-3.88% 0.54%-3.88%
Machinery and equipment 0.71% -
Office equipment 0.28%-3.88% 0.28%-3.88%
c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
d. Subleases
The Company subleases the right to use its buildings and machinery and equipment under operating
leases with lease terms of 1 to 6 years.
- 38 -
- 38 -

[TABLE START]

Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Additions to right-of-use assets $ 7,769,782 $ 13,481,172
Depreciation of right-of-use assets
Land $ 1,825,712 $ 1,312,888
Buildings 707,856 569,531
Machinery and equipment 539 775,809
Office equipment 22,091 23,402
$ 2,556,198 $ 2,681,630
Income from subleasing right-of-use assets (classified under
other operating income and expenses, net) $ 82,031 $ 79,624
b. Lease liabilities
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Carrying amounts
Current portion (classified under accrued expenses and other
current liabilities) $ 2,176,451 $ 1,828,025
Noncurrent portion 20,764,214 20,560,649
$ 22,940,665 $ 22,388,674
Ranges of discount rates for lease liabilities are as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Land 0.39%-2.14% 0.48%-2.14%
Buildings 0.39%-3.88% 0.54%-3.88%
Machinery and equipment 0.71% -
Office equipment 0.28%-3.88% 0.28%-3.88%
c. Material terms of right-of-use assets
The Company leases land and buildings mainly for the use of plants and offices with lease terms of 1 to
36 years. The lease contracts for land located in the R.O.C. specify that lease payments will be adjusted
every 2 years on the basis of changes in announced land value prices. The Company does not have
purchase options to acquire the leasehold land and buildings at the end of the lease terms.
d. Subleases
The Company subleases the right to use its buildings and machinery and equipment under operating
leases with lease terms of 1 to 6 years.
- 38 -
- 38 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 129 ---

The maturity analysis of lease payments receivable under operating subleases is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Year 1 $ 60,771 $ 144,099
e. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 5,250,279 $ 3,153,451
Expenses relating to variable lease payments not included in the
measurement of lease liabilities $ 168,736 $ 256,996
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Total cash outflow for leases $ 7,510,762 $ 6,354,610
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
Additions - 1,372,806 7,726,168 219,504 9,318,478
Disposals or retirements - - (318,736 ) - (318,736 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (57,438 ) (559 ) 4,558 104 (53,335 )
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Additions - 2,686,786 4,323,860 1,196,523 8,207,169
Disposals or retirements - - (317,508 ) - (317,508 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (559 ) 3,467 320 3,228
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 8,621,666 $ 9,529,379 $ 3,291,488 $ 26,821,697
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 5,693,376 $ 15,854,951 $ 33,024,010 $ 8,302,996 $ 62,875,333
Additions - 6,308,926 3,275,757 2,974,784 12,559,467
Disposals or retirements - - (60,467 ) - (60,467 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (256,774 ) (2,165 ) (333 ) (79 ) (259,351 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ - $ 9,823,770 $ 26,502,067 $ 5,896,468 $ 42,222,305
Additions - 2,404,461 3,669,257 1,112,530 7,186,248
Disposals or retirements - - (59,868 ) - (59,868 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (2,165 ) 303 (20 ) (1,882 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 9,935,646 $ 6,127,208 $ 4,268,723 $ 25,768,179
- 39 -
- 39 -

[TABLE START]

The maturity analysis of lease payments receivable under operating subleases is as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Year 1 $ 60,771 $ 144,099
e. Other lease information
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Expenses relating to short-term leases $ 5,250,279 $ 3,153,451
Expenses relating to variable lease payments not included in the
measurement of lease liabilities $ 168,736 $ 256,996
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Total cash outflow for leases $ 7,510,762 $ 6,354,610
16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Software and
Technology System Design Patent and
Goodwill License Fees Costs Others Total
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
Additions - 1,372,806 7,726,168 219,504 9,318,478
Disposals or retirements - - (318,736 ) - (318,736 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (57,438 ) (559 ) 4,558 104 (53,335 )
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 23,533,959 $ 43,650,957 $ 11,497,309 $ 84,061,389
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2021 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Additions - 2,686,786 4,323,860 1,196,523 8,207,169
Disposals or retirements - - (317,508 ) - (317,508 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (559 ) 3,467 320 3,228
Balance at December 31, 2021 $ - $ 14,912,293 $ 34,121,578 $ 8,205,821 $ 57,239,692
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2021 $ 5,379,164 $ 8,621,666 $ 9,529,379 $ 3,291,488 $ 26,821,697
Cost
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ 5,693,376 $ 15,854,951 $ 33,024,010 $ 8,302,996 $ 62,875,333
Additions - 6,308,926 3,275,757 2,974,784 12,559,467
Disposals or retirements - - (60,467 ) - (60,467 )
Effect of exchange rate changes (256,774 ) (2,165 ) (333 ) (79 ) (259,351 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 22,161,712 $ 36,238,967 $ 11,277,701 $ 75,114,982
Accumulated amortization and
impairment
Balance at January 1, 2020 $ - $ 9,823,770 $ 26,502,067 $ 5,896,468 $ 42,222,305
Additions - 2,404,461 3,669,257 1,112,530 7,186,248
Disposals or retirements - - (59,868 ) - (59,868 )
Effect of exchange rate changes - (2,165 ) 303 (20 ) (1,882 )
Balance at December 31, 2020 $ - $ 12,226,066 $ 30,111,759 $ 7,008,978 $ 49,346,803
Carrying amounts at December 31, 2020 $ 5,436,602 $ 9,935,646 $ 6,127,208 $ 4,268,723 $ 25,768,179
- 39 -
- 39 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 130 ---

The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
annual discount rates of 8.0% in both years in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, to
reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. SHORT-TERM LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Unsecured loans
Amount $ 114,921,333 $ 88,559,026
Loan content
US$ (in thousands) $ - $ 200,000
EUR (in thousands) 3,652,935 2,398,000
Annual interest rate (0.73)%-0% (0.54)%-0.33%
Maturity date Due by June Due by February
2022 2021
18. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 312,448,000 $ 173,197,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 304,414,000 84,291,000
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (2,391,348) (782,916)
Less: Current portion (4,400,000) (2,600,000)
$ 610,070,652 $ 254,105,084
The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
101-3 - October 2012 to $ 4,400,000 1.53% Bullet repayment; interest
October 2022 payable annually
101-4 B January 2013 to 10,000,000 1.35% The same as above
January 2020
C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 B February 2013 to 11,600,000 1.38% The same as above
February 2020
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

[TABLE START]

The Company’s goodwill has been tested for impairment at the end of the annual reporting period and the
recoverable amount is determined based on the value in use. The value in use was calculated based on the
cash flow forecast from the financial budgets covering the future five-year period, and the Company used
annual discount rates of 8.0% in both years in its test of impairment as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, to
reflect the relevant specific risk in the cash-generating unit.
For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not recognize any impairment loss on
goodwill.
17. SHORT-TERM LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Unsecured loans
Amount $ 114,921,333 $ 88,559,026
Loan content
US$ (in thousands) $ - $ 200,000
EUR (in thousands) 3,652,935 2,398,000
Annual interest rate (0.73)%-0% (0.54)%-0.33%
Maturity date Due by June Due by February
2022 2021
18. BONDS PAYABLE
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Domestic unsecured bonds $ 312,448,000 $ 173,197,000
Overseas unsecured bonds 304,414,000 84,291,000
Less: Discounts on bonds payable (2,391,348) (782,916)
Less: Current portion (4,400,000) (2,600,000)
$ 610,070,652 $ 254,105,084
The major terms of domestic unsecured bonds are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
101-3 - October 2012 to $ 4,400,000 1.53% Bullet repayment; interest
October 2022 payable annually
101-4 B January 2013 to 10,000,000 1.35% The same as above
January 2020
C January 2013 to 3,000,000 1.49% The same as above
January 2023
102-1 B February 2013 to 11,600,000 1.38% The same as above
February 2020
(Continued)
- 40 -
- 40 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 131 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
102-1 C February 2013 to $ 3,600,000 1.50% Bullet repayment; interest
February 2023 payable annually
102-2 A July 2013 to July 10,200,000 1.50% The same as above
2020
B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
102-4 D September 2013 to 2,600,000 1.85% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2021 payable annually
(interest for the six
months prior to
maturity will accrue on
the basis of actual days
and be repayable at
maturity)
E September 2013 to 5,400,000 2.05% The same as above
March 2023
F September 2013 to 2,600,000 2.10% Bullet repayment; interest
September 2023 payable annually
109-1 A March 2020 to 3,000,000 0.58% The same as above
March 2025
B March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.62% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.64% The same as above
March 2030
109-2 A April 2020 to 5,900,000 0.52% The same as above
April 2025
B April 2020 to 10,400,000 0.58% The same as above
April 2027
C April 2020 to 5,300,000 0.60% The same as above
April 2030
109-3 A May 2020 to May 4,500,000 0.55% The same as above
2025
B May 2020 to May 7,500,000 0.60% The same as above
2027
C May 2020 to May 2,400,000 0.64% The same as above
2030
109-4 A July 2020 to July 5,700,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B July 2020 to July 6,300,000 0.65% The same as above
2027
C July 2020 to July 1,900,000 0.67% The same as above
2030
109-5 A September 2020 to 4,800,000 0.50% The same as above
September 2025
B September 2020 to 8,000,000 0.58% The same as above
September 2027
C September 2020 to 2,800,000 0.60% The same as above
September 2030
109-6 (green A December 2020 to 1,600,000 0.40% The same as above
bond) December 2025
(Continued)
- 41 -
- 41 -

[TABLE START]

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
102-1 C February 2013 to $ 3,600,000 1.50% Bullet repayment; interest
February 2023 payable annually
102-2 A July 2013 to July 10,200,000 1.50% The same as above
2020
B July 2013 to July 3,500,000 1.70% The same as above
2023
102-4 D September 2013 to 2,600,000 1.85% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2021 payable annually
(interest for the six
months prior to
maturity will accrue on
the basis of actual days
and be repayable at
maturity)
E September 2013 to 5,400,000 2.05% The same as above
March 2023
F September 2013 to 2,600,000 2.10% Bullet repayment; interest
September 2023 payable annually
109-1 A March 2020 to 3,000,000 0.58% The same as above
March 2025
B March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.62% The same as above
March 2027
C March 2020 to 10,500,000 0.64% The same as above
March 2030
109-2 A April 2020 to 5,900,000 0.52% The same as above
April 2025
B April 2020 to 10,400,000 0.58% The same as above
April 2027
C April 2020 to 5,300,000 0.60% The same as above
April 2030
109-3 A May 2020 to May 4,500,000 0.55% The same as above
2025
B May 2020 to May 7,500,000 0.60% The same as above
2027
C May 2020 to May 2,400,000 0.64% The same as above
2030
109-4 A July 2020 to July 5,700,000 0.58% Two equal installments in
2025 last two years; interest
payable annually
B July 2020 to July 6,300,000 0.65% The same as above
2027
C July 2020 to July 1,900,000 0.67% The same as above
2030
109-5 A September 2020 to 4,800,000 0.50% The same as above
September 2025
B September 2020 to 8,000,000 0.58% The same as above
September 2027
C September 2020 to 2,800,000 0.60% The same as above
September 2030
109-6 (green A December 2020 to 1,600,000 0.40% The same as above
bond) December 2025
(Continued)
- 41 -
- 41 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 132 ---

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
109-6 (green B December 2020 to $ 5,600,000 0.44% Two equal installments in
bond) December 2027 last two years; interest
payable annually
C December 2020 to 4,800,000 0.48% The same as above
December 2030
109-7 A December 2020 to 1,900,000 0.36% The same as above
December 2025
B December 2020 to 10,200,000 0.41% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 6,400,000 0.45% The same as above
December 2030
110-1 A March 2021 to 4,800,000 0.50% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2026 payable annually
B March 2021 to 11,400,000 0.55% The same as above
March 2028
C March 2021 to 4,900,000 0.60% The same as above
March 2031
110-2 A May 2021 to May 5,200,000 0.50% The same as above
2026
B May 2021 to May 8,400,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C May 2021 to May 5,600,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-3 A June 2021 to June 6,900,000 0.52% The same as above
2026
B June 2021 to June 7,900,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C June 2021 to June 4,900,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-4 A August 2021 to 4,000,000 0.485% The same as above
August 2025
B August 2021 to 8,000,000 0.50% The same as above
August 2026
C August 2021 to 5,400,000 0.55% The same as above
August 2028
D August 2021 to 4,200,000 0.62% The same as above
August 2031
110-6 A October 2021 to 3,200,000 0.535% The same as above
April 2026
B October 2021 to 6,900,000 0.54% The same as above
October 2026
C October 2021 to 4,600,000 0.60% The same as above
October 2028
D October 2021 to 1,600,000 0.62% The same as above
October 2031
110-7 A December 2021 to 7,700,000 0.65% The same as above
December 2026
B December 2021 to 3,500,000 0.675% The same as above
June 2027
C December 2021 to 5,500,000 0.72% The same as above
December 2028
(Concluded)
- 42 -
- 42 -

[TABLE START]

Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
109-6 (green B December 2020 to $ 5,600,000 0.44% Two equal installments in
bond) December 2027 last two years; interest
payable annually
C December 2020 to 4,800,000 0.48% The same as above
December 2030
109-7 A December 2020 to 1,900,000 0.36% The same as above
December 2025
B December 2020 to 10,200,000 0.41% The same as above
December 2027
C December 2020 to 6,400,000 0.45% The same as above
December 2030
110-1 A March 2021 to 4,800,000 0.50% Bullet repayment; interest
March 2026 payable annually
B March 2021 to 11,400,000 0.55% The same as above
March 2028
C March 2021 to 4,900,000 0.60% The same as above
March 2031
110-2 A May 2021 to May 5,200,000 0.50% The same as above
2026
B May 2021 to May 8,400,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C May 2021 to May 5,600,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-3 A June 2021 to June 6,900,000 0.52% The same as above
2026
B June 2021 to June 7,900,000 0.58% The same as above
2028
C June 2021 to June 4,900,000 0.65% The same as above
2031
110-4 A August 2021 to 4,000,000 0.485% The same as above
August 2025
B August 2021 to 8,000,000 0.50% The same as above
August 2026
C August 2021 to 5,400,000 0.55% The same as above
August 2028
D August 2021 to 4,200,000 0.62% The same as above
August 2031
110-6 A October 2021 to 3,200,000 0.535% The same as above
April 2026
B October 2021 to 6,900,000 0.54% The same as above
October 2026
C October 2021 to 4,600,000 0.60% The same as above
October 2028
D October 2021 to 1,600,000 0.62% The same as above
October 2031
110-7 A December 2021 to 7,700,000 0.65% The same as above
December 2026
B December 2021 to 3,500,000 0.675% The same as above
June 2027
C December 2021 to 5,500,000 0.72% The same as above
December 2028
(Concluded)
- 42 -
- 42 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 133 ---

Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
US$ unsecured
bonds
109-1 - September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 2.70% Bullet repayment
September 2060 (callable on the 5th
anniversary of the
issue date and every
anniversary thereafter);
interest payable
annually
110-5 - September 2021 to 1,000,000 3.10% The same as above
September 2051
The major terms of overseas unsecured bonds are as follows:
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 0.75% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2025 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
September 2020 to 750,000 1.00% The same as above
September 2027
September 2020 to 1,250,000 1.375% The same as above
September 2030
April 2021 to April 2026 1,100,000 1.25% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2028 900,000 1.75% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2031 1,500,000 2.25% The same as above
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 1.75% The same as above
2026
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 2.50% The same as above
2031
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.125% The same as above
2041
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.25% The same as above
2051
- 43 -
- 43 -

[TABLE START]

Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
US$ unsecured
bonds
109-1 - September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 2.70% Bullet repayment
September 2060 (callable on the 5th
anniversary of the
issue date and every
anniversary thereafter);
interest payable
annually
110-5 - September 2021 to 1,000,000 3.10% The same as above
September 2051
The major terms of overseas unsecured bonds are as follows:
Total Amount
(US$ Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Period in Thousands) Rate Interest Payment
September 2020 to US$ 1,000,000 0.75% Bullet repayment (callable at any
September 2025 time, in whole or in part, at the
relevant redemption price
according to relevant
agreements); interest payable
semi-annually
September 2020 to 750,000 1.00% The same as above
September 2027
September 2020 to 1,250,000 1.375% The same as above
September 2030
April 2021 to April 2026 1,100,000 1.25% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2028 900,000 1.75% The same as above
April 2021 to April 2031 1,500,000 2.25% The same as above
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 1.75% The same as above
2026
October 2021 to October 1,250,000 2.50% The same as above
2031
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.125% The same as above
2041
October 2021 to October 1,000,000 3.25% The same as above
2051
- 43 -
- 43 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 134 ---

The Company issued domestic unsecured bonds during the period from January 1, 2022 to February 15,
2022, the major terms are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
111-1 (green A January 2022 to $ 2,100,000 0.63% Bullet repayment; interest
bond) January 2027 payable annually
B January 2022 to 3,300,000 0.72% The same as above
January 2029
19. LONG-TERM BANK LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Unsecured loans $ 3,510,000 $ 2,000,000
Less: Discounts on government grants (34,202) (32,389)
Less: Current portion (166,667) -
$ 3,309,131 $ 1,967,611
Loan content
Annual interest rate 0.4%-0.9% 0.4%
Maturity date Due by September Due by September
2026 2025
The long-term bank loans of the Company are with preferential interest rates subsidized by the government,
and the loans are used to fund capital expenditure qualifying for the subsidy.
20. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
a. Defined contribution plans
The plan under the R.O.C. Labor Pension Act (the “Act”) is deemed a defined contribution plan.
Pursuant to the Act, TSMC and VisEra Tech have made monthly contributions equal to 6% of each
employee’s monthly salary to employees’ pension accounts. Furthermore, TSMC North America,
TSMC Arizona, TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Europe, TSMC Canada and TSMC Technology
also make monthly contributions at certain percentages of the basic salary of their employees.
Accordingly, the Company recognized expenses of NT$3,711,010 thousand and NT$2,809,484
thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
b. Defined benefit plans
TSMC has defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law that provide benefits based on
an employee’s length of service and average monthly salary for the six-month period prior to retirement.
The Company contributes an amount equal to 2% of salaries paid each month to their respective pension
funds (the Funds), which are administered by the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee (the
Committee) and deposited in the Committee’s name in the Bank of Taiwan. Before the end of each year,
the Company assesses the balance in the Funds. If the amount of the balance in the Funds is inadequate
to pay retirement benefits for employees who conform to retirement requirements in the next year, the
Company is required to fund the difference in one appropriation that should be made before the end of
- 44 -
- 44 -

[TABLE START]

The Company issued domestic unsecured bonds during the period from January 1, 2022 to February 15,
2022, the major terms are as follows:
Coupon Repayment and
Issuance Tranche Issuance Period Total Amount Rate Interest Payment
NT$ unsecured
bonds
111-1 (green A January 2022 to $ 2,100,000 0.63% Bullet repayment; interest
bond) January 2027 payable annually
B January 2022 to 3,300,000 0.72% The same as above
January 2029
19. LONG-TERM BANK LOANS
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Unsecured loans $ 3,510,000 $ 2,000,000
Less: Discounts on government grants (34,202) (32,389)
Less: Current portion (166,667) -
$ 3,309,131 $ 1,967,611
Loan content
Annual interest rate 0.4%-0.9% 0.4%
Maturity date Due by September Due by September
2026 2025
The long-term bank loans of the Company are with preferential interest rates subsidized by the government,
and the loans are used to fund capital expenditure qualifying for the subsidy.
20. RETIREMENT BENEFIT PLANS
a. Defined contribution plans
The plan under the R.O.C. Labor Pension Act (the “Act”) is deemed a defined contribution plan.
Pursuant to the Act, TSMC and VisEra Tech have made monthly contributions equal to 6% of each
employee’s monthly salary to employees’ pension accounts. Furthermore, TSMC North America,
TSMC Arizona, TSMC China, TSMC Nanjing, TSMC Europe, TSMC Canada and TSMC Technology
also make monthly contributions at certain percentages of the basic salary of their employees.
Accordingly, the Company recognized expenses of NT$3,711,010 thousand and NT$2,809,484
thousand for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
b. Defined benefit plans
TSMC has defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law that provide benefits based on
an employee’s length of service and average monthly salary for the six-month period prior to retirement.
The Company contributes an amount equal to 2% of salaries paid each month to their respective pension
funds (the Funds), which are administered by the Labor Pension Fund Supervisory Committee (the
Committee) and deposited in the Committee’s name in the Bank of Taiwan. Before the end of each year,
the Company assesses the balance in the Funds. If the amount of the balance in the Funds is inadequate
to pay retirement benefits for employees who conform to retirement requirements in the next year, the
Company is required to fund the difference in one appropriation that should be made before the end of
- 44 -
- 44 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 135 ---

March of the next year. The Funds are operated and managed by the government’s designated
authorities; as such, the Company does not have any right to intervene in the investments of the Funds.
Amounts recognized in respect of these defined benefit plans were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Current service cost $ 145,289 $ 123,311
Net interest expense 47,196 81,604
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss 192,485 204,915
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) (73,298) (139,212)
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 94,278 494,051
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions 277,454 -
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions (540,513) 3,161,910
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in other
comprehensive income (242,079) 3,516,749
Total $ (49,594) $ 3,721,664
The pension costs of the aforementioned defined benefit plans were recognized in profit or loss by the
following categories:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Cost of revenue $ 124,548 $ 126,274
Research and development expenses 52,801 57,306
General and administrative expenses 12,430 18,248
Marketing expenses 2,706 3,087
$ 192,485 $ 204,915
The amounts arising from the defined benefit obligation of the Company were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Present value of defined benefit obligation $ 16,585,442 $ 16,980,277
Fair value of plan assets (5,548,563) (5,066,203)
Net defined benefit liability $ 11,036,879 $ 11,914,074
- 45 -
- 45 -

[TABLE START]

March of the next year. The Funds are operated and managed by the government’s designated
authorities; as such, the Company does not have any right to intervene in the investments of the Funds.
Amounts recognized in respect of these defined benefit plans were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Current service cost $ 145,289 $ 123,311
Net interest expense 47,196 81,604
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in profit or loss 192,485 204,915
Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) (73,298) (139,212)
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 94,278 494,051
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions 277,454 -
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions (540,513) 3,161,910
Components of defined benefit costs recognized in other
comprehensive income (242,079) 3,516,749
Total $ (49,594) $ 3,721,664
The pension costs of the aforementioned defined benefit plans were recognized in profit or loss by the
following categories:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Cost of revenue $ 124,548 $ 126,274
Research and development expenses 52,801 57,306
General and administrative expenses 12,430 18,248
Marketing expenses 2,706 3,087
$ 192,485 $ 204,915
The amounts arising from the defined benefit obligation of the Company were as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Present value of defined benefit obligation $ 16,585,442 $ 16,980,277
Fair value of plan assets (5,548,563) (5,066,203)
Net defined benefit liability $ 11,036,879 $ 11,914,074
- 45 -
- 45 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 136 ---

Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 16,980,277 $ 13,484,090
Current service cost 145,289 123,311
Interest expense 66,664 118,808
Remeasurement:
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 94,278 494,051
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions 277,454 -
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions (540,513) 3,161,910
Benefits paid from plan assets (431,817) (398,986)
Benefits paid directly by the Company (6,190) (2,907)
Balance, end of year $ 16,585,442 $ 16,980,277
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 5,066,203 $ 4,301,594
Interest income 19,468 37,204
Remeasurement:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) 73,298 139,212
Contributions from employer 821,411 987,179
Benefits paid from plan assets (431,817) (398,986)
Balance, end of year $ 5,548,563 $ 5,066,203
The fair value of the plan assets by major categories at the end of reporting period was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Cash $ 1,000,961 $ 632,769
Equity instruments 2,951,835 2,926,745
Debt instruments 1,595,767 1,506,689
$ 5,548,563 $ 5,066,203
The actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out by
qualified actuaries. The principal assumptions of the actuarial valuation were as follows:
Measurement Date
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Discount rate 0.75% 0.40%
Future salary increase rate 3.00% 3.00%(Note)
Note: The Company has an additional 20 percent pay raise in 2021.
- 46 -
- 46 -

[TABLE START]

Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 16,980,277 $ 13,484,090
Current service cost 145,289 123,311
Interest expense 66,664 118,808
Remeasurement:
Actuarial loss arising from experience adjustments 94,278 494,051
Actuarial loss arising from changes in demographic
assumptions 277,454 -
Actuarial (gain) loss arising from changes in financial
assumptions (540,513) 3,161,910
Benefits paid from plan assets (431,817) (398,986)
Benefits paid directly by the Company (6,190) (2,907)
Balance, end of year $ 16,585,442 $ 16,980,277
Movements in the fair value of the plan assets were as follows:
Years Ended December 31
2021 2020
Balance, beginning of year $ 5,066,203 $ 4,301,594
Interest income 19,468 37,204
Remeasurement:
Return on plan assets (excluding amounts included in net
interest expense) 73,298 139,212
Contributions from employer 821,411 987,179
Benefits paid from plan assets (431,817) (398,986)
Balance, end of year $ 5,548,563 $ 5,066,203
The fair value of the plan assets by major categories at the end of reporting period was as follows:
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Cash $ 1,000,961 $ 632,769
Equity instruments 2,951,835 2,926,745
Debt instruments 1,595,767 1,506,689
$ 5,548,563 $ 5,066,203
The actuarial valuations of the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out by
qualified actuaries. The principal assumptions of the actuarial valuation were as follows:
Measurement Date
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Discount rate 0.75% 0.40%
Future salary increase rate 3.00% 3.00%(Note)
Note: The Company has an additional 20 percent pay raise in 2021.
- 46 -
- 46 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 137 ---

Through the defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the Company is exposed to
the following risks:
1) Investment risk: The pension funds are invested in equity and debt securities, bank deposits, etc.
The investment is conducted at the discretion of the government’s designated authorities or under
the mandated management. However, under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the rate of return on
assets shall not be less than the average interest rate on a two-year time deposit published by the
local banks and the government is responsible for any shortfall in the event that the rate of return is
less than the required rate of return.
2) Interest risk: A decrease in the government bond interest rate will increase the present value of the
defined benefit obligation; however, this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the
debt investments of the plan assets.
Assuming a hypothetical decrease in interest rate at the end of the reporting period contributed to a
decrease of 0.5% (and not below 0.0%) in the discount rate and all other assumptions were held
constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by NT$780,460
thousand and NT$694,732 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
3) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by reference to the
future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will
increase the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Assuming the expected salary rate increases by 0.5% at the end of the reporting period and all other
assumptions were held constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase
by NT$759,527 thousand and NT$835,964 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one
another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period,
which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability.
The Company expects to make contributions of NT$2,269,881 thousand to the defined benefit plans in
the next year starting from December 31, 2021. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit
obligation is 9 years.
21. EQUITY
a. Capital stock
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Authorized shares (in thousands) 28,050,000 28,050,000
Authorized capital $ 280,500,000 $ 280,500,000
Issued and paid shares (in thousands) 25,930,380 25,930,380
Issued capital $ 259,303,805 $ 259,303,805
- 47 -
- 47 -

[TABLE START]

Through the defined benefit plans under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the Company is exposed to
the following risks:
1) Investment risk: The pension funds are invested in equity and debt securities, bank deposits, etc.
The investment is conducted at the discretion of the government’s designated authorities or under
the mandated management. However, under the R.O.C. Labor Standards Law, the rate of return on
assets shall not be less than the average interest rate on a two-year time deposit published by the
local banks and the government is responsible for any shortfall in the event that the rate of return is
less than the required rate of return.
2) Interest risk: A decrease in the government bond interest rate will increase the present value of the
defined benefit obligation; however, this will be partially offset by an increase in the return on the
debt investments of the plan assets.
Assuming a hypothetical decrease in interest rate at the end of the reporting period contributed to a
decrease of 0.5% (and not below 0.0%) in the discount rate and all other assumptions were held
constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase by NT$780,460
thousand and NT$694,732 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
3) Salary risk: The present value of the defined benefit obligation is calculated by reference to the
future salaries of plan participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will
increase the present value of the defined benefit obligation.
Assuming the expected salary rate increases by 0.5% at the end of the reporting period and all other
assumptions were held constant, the present value of the defined benefit obligation would increase
by NT$759,527 thousand and NT$835,964 thousand as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,
respectively.
The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined
benefit obligation as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one
another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.
Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis, the present value of the defined benefit
obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period,
which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability.
The Company expects to make contributions of NT$2,269,881 thousand to the defined benefit plans in
the next year starting from December 31, 2021. The weighted average duration of the defined benefit
obligation is 9 years.
21. EQUITY
a. Capital stock
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Authorized shares (in thousands) 28,050,000 28,050,000
Authorized capital $ 280,500,000 $ 280,500,000
Issued and paid shares (in thousands) 25,930,380 25,930,380
Issued capital $ 259,303,805 $ 259,303,805
- 47 -
- 47 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 138 ---

A holder of issued common shares with par value of NT$10 per share is entitled to vote and to receive
dividends.
The authorized shares include 500,000 thousand shares allocated for the exercise of employee stock
options.
As of December 31, 2021, 1,064,243 thousand ADSs of TSMC were traded on the NYSE. The number
of common shares represented by the ADSs was 5,321,213 thousand shares (one ADS represents five
common shares).
b. Capital surplus
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Additional paid-in capital $ 24,184,939 $ 24,184,939
From merger 22,804,510 22,804,510
From convertible bonds 8,892,847 8,892,847
From difference between the consideration received and the
carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets during actual
disposal 8,406,282 -
From share of changes in equities of subsidiaries 113,952 121,843
From share of changes in equities of associates 307,322 302,526
Donations 51,750 40,578
$ 64,761,602 $ 56,347,243
Under the relevant laws, the capital surplus generated from the excess of the issuance price over the par
value of capital stock (including the stock issued for new capital, mergers and convertible bonds), the
difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets
during actual disposal and donations may be used to offset a deficit; in addition, when the Company has
no deficit, such capital surplus may be distributed as cash dividends or stock dividends up to a certain
percentage of TSMC’s paid-in capital. The capital surplus from share of changes in equities of
subsidiaries and associates and dividend of a claim extinguished by a prescription may be used to offset
a deficit.
c. Retained earnings and dividend policy
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation provide that, earnings distribution may be made on a quarterly basis
after the close of each quarter. Distribution of earnings by way of cash dividends should be approved by
TSMC’s Board of Directors and reported to TSMC’s shareholders in its meeting. When allocating
earnings, TSMC shall first estimate and reserve the taxes to be paid, offset its losses, set aside a legal
capital reserve at 10% of the remaining earnings (until the accumulated legal capital reserve equals
TSMC’s paid-in capital), then set aside a special capital reserve in accordance with relevant laws or
regulations or as requested by the authorities in charge. Any balance left over shall be allocated
according to relevant laws and the TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation.
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation also provide that profits of TSMC may be distributed by way of cash
dividend and/or stock dividend. However, distribution of earnings shall be made preferably by way of
cash dividend. Distribution of earnings may also be made by way of stock dividend, provided that the
ratio for stock dividend shall not exceed 50% of the total distribution.
- 48 -
- 48 -

[TABLE START]

A holder of issued common shares with par value of NT$10 per share is entitled to vote and to receive
dividends.
The authorized shares include 500,000 thousand shares allocated for the exercise of employee stock
options.
As of December 31, 2021, 1,064,243 thousand ADSs of TSMC were traded on the NYSE. The number
of common shares represented by the ADSs was 5,321,213 thousand shares (one ADS represents five
common shares).
b. Capital surplus
December 31, December 31,
2021 2020
Additional paid-in capital $ 24,184,939 $ 24,184,939
From merger 22,804,510 22,804,510
From convertible bonds 8,892,847 8,892,847
From difference between the consideration received and the
carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets during actual
disposal 8,406,282 -
From share of changes in equities of subsidiaries 113,952 121,843
From share of changes in equities of associates 307,322 302,526
Donations 51,750 40,578
$ 64,761,602 $ 56,347,243
Under the relevant laws, the capital surplus generated from the excess of the issuance price over the par
value of capital stock (including the stock issued for new capital, mergers and convertible bonds), the
difference between the consideration received and the carrying amount of the subsidiaries’ net assets
during actual disposal and donations may be used to offset a deficit; in addition, when the Company has
no deficit, such capital surplus may be distributed as cash dividends or stock dividends up to a certain
percentage of TSMC’s paid-in capital. The capital surplus from share of changes in equities of
subsidiaries and associates and dividend of a claim extinguished by a prescription may be used to offset
a deficit.
c. Retained earnings and dividend policy
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation provide that, earnings distribution may be made on a quarterly basis
after the close of each quarter. Distribution of earnings by way of cash dividends should be approved by
TSMC’s Board of Directors and reported to TSMC’s shareholders in its meeting. When allocating
earnings, TSMC shall first estimate and reserve the taxes to be paid, offset its losses, set aside a legal
capital reserve at 10% of the remaining earnings (until the accumulated legal capital reserve equals
TSMC’s paid-in capital), then set aside a special capital reserve in accordance with relevant laws or
regulations or as requested by the authorities in charge. Any balance left over shall be allocated
according to relevant laws and the TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation.
TSMC’s Articles of Incorporation also provide that profits of TSMC may be distributed by way of cash
dividend and/or stock dividend. However, distribution of earnings shall be made preferably by way of
cash dividend. Distribution of earnings may also be made by way of stock dividend, provided that the
ratio for stock dividend shall not exceed 50% of the total distribution.
- 48 -
- 48 -

[TABLE END]


--- Page 139 ---

The legal capital reserve may be used to offset a deficit, or be distributed as dividends in cash or stocks
for the portion in excess of 25% of the paid-in capital if the Company incurs no loss.
Pursuant to existing regulations, the Company is required to set aside additional special capital reserve
equivalent to the net debit balance of the other components of stockholders’ equity, such as the
accumulated balance of foreign currency translation reserve, unrealized valuation gain or loss from fair
value through other comprehensive income financial assets, gain or loss from changes in fair value of
hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, etc. For the subsequent decrease in the deduction amount to
stockholders’ equity, any special reserve appropriated may be reversed to the extent that the net debit
balance reverses.
The appropriations of 2021, 2020 and 2019 quarterly earnings have been approved by TSMC’s Board
of Directors in its meeting, respectively. The appropriations and cash dividends per share were as
follows:
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2021 of 2021 of 2021 of 2021
Board of Directors in its February 15, November 9, August 10, June 9,
meeting 2022 2021 2021 2021
Special capital reserve $ 3,304,303 $ 710,169 $ 10,201,220 $ (6,287,050)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2020 of 2020 of 2020 of 2020
Board of Directors in its February 9, November 10, August 11, May 12,
meeting 2021 2020 2020 2020
Special capital reserve $ 12,420,727 $ 5,501,351 $ 11,884,457 $ (2,694,841)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2019 of 2019 of 2019 of 2019
Board of Directors in its February 11, November 12, August 13, June 5,
meeting 2020 2019 2019 2019
Special capital reserve $ 16,893,073 $ 3,289,166 $ (3,338,190) $ (4,723,939)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 51,860,761
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.0
The special capital reserve for 2021 is to be presented for approval in the TSMC’s shareholders’
meeting to be held on June 8, 2022 (expected).
- 49 -
- 49 -

[TABLE START]

The legal capital reserve may be used to offset a deficit, or be distributed as dividends in cash or stocks
for the portion in excess of 25% of the paid-in capital if the Company incurs no loss.
Pursuant to existing regulations, the Company is required to set aside additional special capital reserve
equivalent to the net debit balance of the other components of stockholders’ equity, such as the
accumulated balance of foreign currency translation reserve, unrealized valuation gain or loss from fair
value through other comprehensive income financial assets, gain or loss from changes in fair value of
hedging instruments in cash flow hedges, etc. For the subsequent decrease in the deduction amount to
stockholders’ equity, any special reserve appropriated may be reversed to the extent that the net debit
balance reverses.
The appropriations of 2021, 2020 and 2019 quarterly earnings have been approved by TSMC’s Board
of Directors in its meeting, respectively. The appropriations and cash dividends per share were as
follows:
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2021 of 2021 of 2021 of 2021
Board of Directors in its February 15, November 9, August 10, June 9,
meeting 2022 2021 2021 2021
Special capital reserve $ 3,304,303 $ 710,169 $ 10,201,220 $ (6,287,050)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,547 $ 71,308,546 $ 71,308,546
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75 $ 2.75
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2020 of 2020 of 2020 of 2020
Board of Directors in its February 9, November 10, August 11, May 12,
meeting 2021 2020 2020 2020
Special capital reserve $ 12,420,727 $ 5,501,351 $ 11,884,457 $ (2,694,841)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5
Fourth Quarter Third Quarter Second Quarter First Quarter
Resolution Date of TSMC’s of 2019 of 2019 of 2019 of 2019
Board of Directors in its February 11, November 12, August 13, June 5,
meeting 2020 2019 2019 2019
Special capital reserve $ 16,893,073 $ 3,289,166 $ (3,338,190) $ (4,723,939)
Cash dividends to shareholders $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 64,825,951 $ 51,860,761
Cash dividends per share (NT$) $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.5 $ 2.0
The special capital reserve for 2021 is to be presented for approval in the TSMC’s shareholders’
meeting to be held on June 8, 2022 (expected).
- 49 -
- 49 -

[TABLE END]
