Our	cybersecurity	risk	management	and	strategy	processes	are	overseen	by	leaders	from	our	Information	Security,	Product	Security,	Complianceand	Legal	teams.	Such	individuals	have	an	average	of	over	15	years	of	prior	work	experience	in	various	roles	involving	information	technology,	includingsecurity,	auditing,	compliance,	systems	and	programming.	These	individuals	are	informed	about,	and	monitor	the	prevention,	mitigation,	detection	andremediation	of	cybersecurity	incidents	through	their	management	of,	and	participation	in,	the	cybersecurity	risk	management	and	strategy	processesdescribed	above,	including	the	operation	of	our	incident	response	plan,	and	report	to	the	Audit	Committee	on	any	appropriate	items.ITEM	2.	PROPERTIESWe	are	headquartered	in	Austin,	Texas.	Our	principal	facilities	include	a	large	number	of	properties	in	North	America,	Europe	and	Asia	utilized	formanufacturing	and	assembly,	warehousing,	engineering,	retail	and	service	locations,	Supercharger	sites	and	administrative	and	sales	offices.	Our	facilitiesare	used	to	support	both	of	our	reporting	segments,	and	are	suitable	and	adequate	for	the	conduct	of	our	business.	We	generally	lease	such	facilities	withthe	primary	exception	of	some	manufacturing	facilities.	The	following	table	sets	forth	the	location	of	our	primary	owned	and	leased	manufacturingfacilities.Primary	Manufacturing	FacilitiesLocationOwned	or	LeasedGigafactory	TexasAustin,	TexasOwnedFremont	FactoryFremont,	CaliforniaOwnedGigafactory	NevadaSparks,	NevadaOwnedGigafactory	Berlin-BrandenburgGrunheide,	GermanyOwnedGigafactory	ShanghaiShanghai,	China*Gigafactory	New	YorkBuffalo,	New	YorkLeasedMegafactoryLathrop,	CaliforniaLeased*We	own	the	building	and	the	land	use	rights	with	an	initial	term	of	50	years.	The	land	use	rights	are	treated	as	operating	lease	right-of-use	assets.ITEM	3.	LEGAL	PROCEEDINGSFor	a	description	of	our	material	pending	legal	proceedings,	please	see	Note	15,	Commitments	and	Contingencies,	to	the	consolidated	financialstatements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.In	addition,	each	of	the	matters	below	is	being	disclosed	pursuant	to	Item	103	of	Regulation	S-K	because	it	relates	to	environmental	regulations	andaggregate	civil	penalties	that	we	currently	believe	could	potentially	exceed	$1	million.	We	believe	that	any	proceeding	that	is	material	to	our	business	orfinancial	condition	is	likely	to	have	potential	penalties	far	in	excess	of	such	amount.District	attorneys	in	certain	California	counties	conducted	an	investigation	into	Tesla’s	waste	segregation	practices	pursuant	to	Cal.	Health	&	Saf.Code	§	25100	et	seq.	and	Cal.	Civil	Code	§	1798.80.	Tesla	has	implemented	various	remedial	measures,	including	conducting	training	and	audits,	andenhancements	to	its	site	waste	management	programs,	and	settlement	discussions	are	ongoing.	While	the	outcome	of	this	matter	cannot	be	determinedat	this	time,	it	is	not	currently	expected	to	have	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business.ITEM	4.	MINE	SAFETY	DISCLOSURESNot	applicable.30PART	IIITEM	5.	MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF	EQUITYSECURITIESMarket	InformationOur	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initialpublic	offering	was	priced	at	approximately	$1.13	per	share	on	June	28,	2010	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	three-for-one	stock	split	effected	in	theform	of	a	stock	dividend	in	August	2022	(the	“2022	Stock	Split”)	and	the	five-for-one	stock	split	effected	in	the	form	of	a	stock	dividend	in	August	2020(the	“2020	Stock	Split”).HoldersAs	of	January	22,	2024,	there	were	9,300	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock	are“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.Dividend	PolicyWe	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeablefuture.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws,	and	willdepend	on	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our	board	of	directorsmay	deem	relevant.Stock	Performance	GraphThis	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	“ExchangeAct”),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended	(the	“Securities	Act”),	or	the	Exchange	Act,except	as	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison,	from	January	1,	2019	through	December	31,	2023,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	on	our	common	stock,The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us,	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles	andPassenger	Car	Bodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	notintended	to	suggest	future	performance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Groupassumes	an	investment	of	$100	on	January	1,	2019	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stocknor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	such	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.31Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities	and	Use	of	ProceedsNone.Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	PurchasersNone.ITEM	6.	[RESERVED]32ITEM	7.	MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONSThe	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	includedelsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.	For	further	discussion	of	our	products	and	services,	technology	and	competitive	strengths,	refer	to	Item	1-Business.	For	discussion	related	to	changes	in	financial	condition	and	the	results	of	operations	for	fiscal	year	2022-related	items,	refer	to	Part	II,	Item	7.Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations	in	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	fiscal	year	2022,	which	wasfiled	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	on	January	31,	2023.Overview	and	2023	HighlightsOur	mission	is	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	lease	and	sell	high-performance	fullyelectric	vehicles,	solar	energy	generation	systems	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	offer	maintenance,	installation,	operation,	charging,	insurance,financial	and	other	services	related	to	our	products.	Additionally,	we	are	increasingly	focused	on	products	and	services	based	on	artificial	intelligence,robotics	and	automation.In	2023,	we	produced	1,845,985	consumer	vehicles	and	delivered	1,808,581	consumer	vehicles.	We	are	currently	focused	on	increasing	vehicleproduction,	capacity	and	delivery	capabilities,	reducing	costs,	improving	and	developing	our	vehicles	and	battery	technologies,	vertically	integrating	andlocalizing	our	supply	chain,	improving	and	further	deploying	our	FSD	capabilities,	increasing	the	affordability	and	efficiency	of	our	vehicles,	bringing	newproducts	to	market	and	expanding	our	global	infrastructure,	including	our	service	and	charging	infrastructure.In	2023,	we	deployed	14.72	GWh	of	energy	storage	products	and	223	megawatts	of	solar	energy	systems.	We	are	currently	focused	on	rampingproduction	of	energy	storage	products,	improving	our	Solar	Roof	installation	capability	and	efficiency,	and	increasing	market	share	of	retrofit	solar	energysystems.In	2023,	we	recognized	total	revenues	of	$96.77	billion,	representing	an	increase	of	$15.31	billion,	compared	to	the	prior	year.	We	continue	to	rampproduction,	build	new	manufacturing	capacity	and	expand	our	operations	to	enable	increased	deliveries	and	deployments	of	our	products,	and	invest	inresearch	and	development	to	accelerate	our	AI,	software	and	fleet-based	profits	for	further	revenue	growth.In	2023,	our	net	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders	was	$15.00	billion,	representing	a	favorable	change	of	$2.44	billion,	compared	to	theprior	year.	This	included	a	one-time	non-cash	tax	benefit	of	$5.93	billion	for	the	release	of	valuation	allowance	on	certain	deferred	tax	assets.	We	continueto	focus	on	further	cost	reductions	and	operational	efficiencies	while	maximizing	delivery	volumes.We	ended	2023	with	$29.09	billion	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	investments,	representing	an	increase	of	$6.91	billion	from	the	end	of	2022.Our	cash	flows	provided	by	operating	activities	in	2023	and	2022	were	$13.26	billion	and	$14.72	billion,	respectively,	representing	a	decrease	of	$1.47billion.	Capital	expenditures	amounted	to	$8.90	billion	in	2023,	compared	to	$7.16	billion	in	2022,	representing	an	increase	of	$1.74	billion.	Sustainedgrowth	has	allowed	our	business	to	generally	fund	itself,	and	we	will	continue	investing	in	a	number	of	capital-intensive	projects	and	research	anddevelopment	in	upcoming	periods.33Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Uncertainties	and	2024	OutlookAutomotive—ProductionThe	following	is	a	summary	of	the	status	of	production	of	each	of	our	announced	vehicle	models	in	production	and	under	development,	as	of	thedate	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K:Production	LocationVehicle	Model(s)Production	StatusFremont	FactoryModel	S	/	Model	XActive	Model	3	/	Model	YActiveGigafactory	ShanghaiModel	3	/	Model	YActiveGigafactory	Berlin-BrandenburgModel	YActiveGigafactory	TexasModel	YActive	CybertruckActiveGigafactory	NevadaTesla	SemiPilot	productionVariousNext	Generation	PlatformIn	developmentTBDTesla	RoadsterIn	developmentWe	are	focused	on	growing	our	manufacturing	capacity,	which	includes	capacity	for	manufacturing	new	vehicle	models	such	as	our	Cybertruck	andnext	generation	platform,	and	ramping	all	of	our	production	vehicles	to	their	installed	production	capacities	as	well	as	increasing	production	rate	andefficiency	at	our	current	factories.	The	next	phase	of	production	growth	will	depend	on	the	continued	ramp	at	our	factories	and	the	introduction	of	ournext	generation	platform,	as	well	as	our	ability	to	add	to	our	available	sources	of	battery	cell	supply	by	manufacturing	our	own	cells	that	we	aredeveloping	to	have	high-volume	output,	lower	capital	and	production	costs	and	longer	range.	Our	goals	are	to	improve	vehicle	performance,	decreaseproduction	costs	and	increase	affordability	and	customer	awareness.These	plans	are	subject	to	uncertainties	inherent	in	establishing	and	ramping	manufacturing	operations,	which	may	be	exacerbated	by	new	productand	manufacturing	technologies	we	introduce,	the	number	of	concurrent	international	projects,	any	industry-wide	component	constraints,	labor	shortagesand	any	future	impact	from	events	outside	of	our	control.	For	example,	during	the	third	quarter	of	2023,	we	experienced	a	sequential	decline	inproduction	volumes	due	to	pre-planned	shutdowns	for	upgrades	at	various	factories.	Moreover,	we	have	set	ambitious	technological	targets	with	ourplans	for	battery	cells	as	well	as	for	iterative	manufacturing	and	design	improvements	for	our	vehicles	with	each	new	factory.Automotive—Demand,	Sales,	Deliveries	and	InfrastructureOur	cost	reduction	efforts,	cost	innovation	strategies,	and	additional	localized	procurement	and	manufacturing	are	key	to	our	vehicles’	affordabilityand	have	allowed	us	to	competitively	price	our	vehicles.	We	will	also	continue	to	generate	demand	and	brand	awareness	by	improving	our	vehicles’performance	and	functionality,	including	through	products	based	on	artificial	intelligence	such	as	Autopilot,	FSD	Capability,	and	other	software	featuresand	delivering	new	vehicles,	such	as	our	Cybertruck.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	continue	to	benefit	from	ongoing	electrification	of	the	automotive	sector	andincreasing	environmental	regulations	and	initiatives.However,	we	operate	in	a	cyclical	industry	that	is	sensitive	to	political	and	regulatory	uncertainty,	including	with	respect	to	trade	and	theenvironment,	all	of	which	can	be	compounded	by	inflationary	pressures,	rising	energy	prices,	interest	rate	fluctuations	and	the	liquidity	of	enterprisecustomers.	For	example,	inflationary	pressures	have	increased	across	the	markets	in	which	we	operate.	In	an	effort	to	curb	this	trend,	central	banks	indeveloped	countries	raised	interest	rates	rapidly	and	substantially,	impacting	the	affordability	of	vehicle	lease	and	finance	arrangements.	Further,	sales	ofvehicles	in	the	automotive	industry	also	tend	to	be	cyclical	in	many	markets,	which	may	expose	us	to	increased	volatility	as	we	expand	and	adjust	ouroperations.	Moreover,	as	additional	competitors	enter	the	marketplace	and	help	bring	the	world	closer	to	sustainable	transportation,	we	will	have	toadjust	and	continue	to	execute	well	to	maintain	our	momentum.	Additionally,	our	suppliers’	liquidity	and	allocation	plans	may	be	affected	by	currentchallenges	in	the	North	American	automotive	industry,	which	could	reduce	our	access	to	components	or	result	in	unfavorable	changes	to	cost.	Thesemacroeconomic	and	industry	trends	have	had,	and	will	likely	continue	to	have,	an	impact	on	the	pricing	of,	and	order	rate	for	our	vehicles,	and	in	turn	ouroperating	margin.	Changes	in	government	and	economic	incentives	in	relation	to	electric	vehicles	may	also	impact	our	sales.	We	will	continue	to	adjustaccordingly	to	such	developments,	and	we	believe	our	ongoing	cost	reduction,	including	improved	production	innovation	and	efficiency	at	our	newestfactories	and	lower	logistics	costs,	and	focus	on	operating	leverage	will	continue	to	benefit	us	in	relation	to	our	competitors,	while	our	new	products	willhelp	enable	future	growth.34As	our	production	increases,	we	must	work	constantly	to	similarly	increase	vehicle	delivery	capability	so	that	it	does	not	become	a	bottleneck	on	ourtotal	deliveries.	We	are	also	committed	to	reducing	the	percentage	of	vehicles	delivered	in	the	third	month	of	each	quarter,	which	will	help	to	reduce	thecost	per	vehicle.	As	we	expand	our	manufacturing	operations	globally,	we	will	also	have	to	continue	to	increase	and	staff	our	delivery,	servicing	andcharging	infrastructure	accordingly,	maintain	our	vehicle	reliability	and	optimize	our	Supercharger	locations	to	ensure	cost	effectiveness	and	customersatisfaction.	In	particular,	as	other	automotive	manufacturers	have	announced	their	adoption	of	the	North	American	Charging	Standard	(“NACS”)	andagreements	with	us	to	utilize	our	Superchargers,	we	must	correspondingly	expand	our	network	in	order	to	ensure	adequate	availability	to	meet	customerdemands.	We	also	remain	focused	on	continued	enhancements	of	the	capability	and	efficiency	of	our	servicing	operations.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Demand,	Production	and	DeploymentThe	long-term	success	of	this	business	is	dependent	upon	increasing	margins	through	greater	volumes.	We	continue	to	increase	the	production	ofour	energy	storage	products	to	meet	high	levels	of	demand,	including	the	construction	of	a	new	Megafactory	in	Shanghai	and	the	ongoing	ramp	at	ourMegafactory	in	Lathrop,	California.	For	Megapack,	energy	storage	deployments	can	vary	meaningfully	quarter	to	quarter	depending	on	the	timing	ofspecific	project	milestones.	We	remain	committed	to	growing	our	retrofit	solar	energy	business	by	offering	a	low-cost	and	simplified	online	orderingexperience.	In	addition,	we	continue	to	seek	to	improve	our	installation	capabilities	and	price	efficiencies	for	Solar	Roof.	As	these	product	lines	grow,	wewill	have	to	maintain	adequate	battery	cell	supply	for	our	energy	storage	products	and	ensure	the	availability	of	qualified	personnel,	particularly	skilledelectricians,	to	support	the	ramp	of	Solar	Roof.Cash	Flow	and	Capital	Expenditure	TrendsOur	capital	expenditures	are	typically	difficult	to	project	beyond	the	short-term	given	the	number	and	breadth	of	our	core	projects	at	any	given	time,and	may	further	be	impacted	by	uncertainties	in	future	global	market	conditions.	We	are	simultaneously	ramping	new	products,	building	or	rampingmanufacturing	facilities	on	three	continents,	piloting	the	development	and	manufacture	of	new	battery	cell	technologies,	expanding	our	Superchargernetwork	and	investing	in	autonomy	and	other	artificial	intelligence	enabled	training	and	products,	and	the	pace	of	our	capital	spend	may	vary	dependingon	overall	priority	among	projects,	the	pace	at	which	we	meet	milestones,	production	adjustments	to	and	among	our	various	products,	increased	capitalefficiencies	and	the	addition	of	new	projects.	Owing	and	subject	to	the	foregoing	as	well	as	the	pipeline	of	announced	projects	under	development,	allother	continuing	infrastructure	growth	and	varying	levels	of	inflation,	we	currently	expect	our	capital	expenditures	to	exceed	$10.00	billion	in	2024	and	bebetween	$8.00	to	$10.00	billion	in	each	of	the	following	two	fiscal	years.Our	business	has	been	consistently	generating	cash	flow	from	operations	in	excess	of	our	level	of	capital	spend,	and	with	better	working	capitalmanagement	resulting	in	shorter	days	sales	outstanding	than	days	payable	outstanding,	our	sales	growth	is	also	generally	facilitating	positive	cashgeneration.	We	have	and	will	continue	to	utilize	such	cash	flows,	among	other	things,	to	do	more	vertical	integration,	expand	our	product	roadmap	andprovide	financing	options	to	our	customers.	At	the	same	time,	we	are	likely	to	see	heightened	levels	of	capital	expenditures	during	certain	periodsdepending	on	the	specific	pace	of	our	capital-intensive	projects	and	other	potential	variables	such	as	rising	material	prices	and	increases	in	supply	chainand	labor	expenses	resulting	from	changes	in	global	trade	conditions	and	labor	availability.	Overall,	we	expect	our	ability	to	be	self-funding	to	continue	aslong	as	macroeconomic	factors	support	current	trends	in	our	sales.Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	EstimatesThe	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	U.S.	(“GAAP”).	Thepreparation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other	assumptionsthat	we	believe	to	be	reasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period	to	period.Accordingly,	actual	results	could	differ	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and	assumptions	on	anongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	are	material	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial	statement	presentation,financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	may	be	affected.35The	estimates	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,	determining	significant	economic	incentive	for	resale	value	guarantee	arrangements,	sales	returnreserves,	the	collectability	of	accounts	and	financing	receivables,	inventory	valuation,	warranties,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	goodwill,	fair	value	offinancial	instruments,	fair	value	and	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles	and	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases	could	be	impacted.	We	haveassessed	the	impact	and	are	not	aware	of	any	specific	events	or	circumstances	that	required	an	update	to	our	estimates	and	assumptions	or	materiallyaffected	the	carrying	value	of	our	assets	or	liabilities	as	of	the	date	of	issuance	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.	These	estimates	may	change	as	newevents	occur	and	additional	information	is	obtained.	Actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	these	estimates	under	different	assumptions	or	conditions.Revenue	RecognitionAutomotive	SalesAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	cash	and	financing	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	thatmeet	the	definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	Accounting	Standards	Codification	(“ASC”)	606,	Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers	(“ASC606”),	including	access	to	our	FSD	Capability	features	and	their	ongoing	maintenance,	internet	connectivity,	free	Supercharging	programs	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	is	when	the	control	of	a	vehicle	transfers.Payments	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business,	except	sales	we	finance	forwhich	payments	are	collected	over	the	contractual	loan	term.	We	also	recognize	a	sales	return	reserve	based	on	historical	experience	plus	considerationfor	expected	future	market	values,	when	we	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buyback	terms.	Other	features	and	services	such	as	access	to	ourinternet	connectivity,	unlimited	free	Supercharging	and	over-the-air	software	updates	are	provisioned	upon	control	transfer	of	a	vehicle	and	recognizedover	time	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	such	services	to	the	customer.	Other	limited	free	Superchargingincentives	are	recognized	based	on	actual	usage	or	expiration,	whichever	is	earlier.	We	recognize	revenue	related	to	these	other	features	and	servicesover	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership	life	of	the	vehicle.	Revenue	related	to	FSD	Capability	features	is	recognized	whenfunctionality	is	delivered	to	the	customer	and	their	ongoing	maintenance	is	recognized	over	time.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	weestimate	standalone	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	informationthat	may	be	available.Inventory	ValuationInventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	products,	whichapproximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	aboutcurrent	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	resultin	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	write-downs	may	be	required.	A	smallchange	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.36WarrantiesWe	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles	and	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	energy	generationand	storage	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	25	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	ourbest	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	if	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claimsincurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	ourhistorical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	includeprojected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	operating	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	PPAs,as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12months	is	included	within	Accrued	liabilities	and	other,	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	Other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidatedbalance	sheets.	For	liabilities	that	we	are	entitled	to	receive	indemnification	from	our	suppliers,	we	record	receivables	for	the	contractually	obligatedamounts	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	a	component	of	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	Other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	Cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Due	to	the	magnitude	of	our	automotive	business,	our	accrued	warranty	balance	is	primarily	related	to	our	automotive	segment.Stock-Based	CompensationWe	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	granted	to	employees	and	for	our	employeestock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stockoption	awards	with	only	service	and/or	performance	conditions	is	estimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	These	inputs	aresubjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	ourcommon	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,usually	the	vesting	period,	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	isrecognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period.For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individualperformance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we	maycalculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-basedcompensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	Cost	of	revenues,	Research	anddevelopment	expense	and	Selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Income	TaxesWe	are	subject	to	income	taxes	in	the	U.S.	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our	provision	forincome	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets	that	are	not	more	likelythan	not	to	be	realized.	We	monitor	the	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	taking	into	account	all	relevant	factors	at	each	reporting	period.	Incompleting	our	assessment	of	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets,	we	consider	our	history	of	income	(loss)	measured	at	pre-tax	income	(loss)	adjustedfor	permanent	book-tax	differences	on	a	jurisdictional	basis,	volatility	in	actual	earnings,	excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock-based	compensation	inrecent	prior	years,	and	impacts	of	the	timing	of	reversal	of	existing	temporary	differences.	We	also	rely	on	our	assessment	of	the	Company’s	projectedfuture	results	of	business	operations,	including	uncertainty	in	future	operating	results	relative	to	historical	results,	volatility	in	the	market	price	of	ourcommon	stock	and	its	performance	over	time,	variable	macroeconomic	conditions	impacting	our	ability	to	forecast	future	taxable	income,	and	changes	inbusiness	that	may	affect	the	existence	and	magnitude	of	future	taxable	income.	Our	valuation	allowance	assessment	is	based	on	our	best	estimate	offuture	results	considering	all	available	information.37Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	andcalculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	or	taxespayable	based	on	our	estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	aresupportable,	we	believe	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	some	of	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	arerequired	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.	and	various	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	ineffect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such	returns	are	subject	to	audit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	toour	tax	positions.	We	believe	that	our	consideration	is	adequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	pastexperience	and	interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and	update	our	estimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	taxaudit,	the	lapse	of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a	change	in	estimate.	To	the	extent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,such	differences	may	impact	income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	such	determination	is	made.Results	of	OperationsRevenues	Year	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Automotive	sales$78,509	$67,210	$44,125	$11,299	17	%$23,085	52	%Automotive	regulatory	credits1,790	1,776	1,465	14	1	%311	21	%Automotive	leasing2,120	2,476	1,642	(356)(14)%834	51	%Total	automotive	revenues82,419	71,462	47,232	10,957	15	%24,230	51	%Services	and	other8,319	6,091	3,802	2,228	37	%2,289	60	%Total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segmentrevenue90,738	77,553	51,034	13,185	17	%26,519	52	%Energy	generation	and	storage	segment	revenue6,035	3,909	2,789	2,126	54	%1,120	40	%Total	revenues$96,773	$81,462	$53,823	$15,311	19	%$27,639	51	%Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	SegmentAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	cash	and	financing	deliveries	of	new	Model	S,	Model	X,	Semi,	Model	3,	Model	Y,	andCybertruck	vehicles,	including	access	to	our	FSD	Capability	features	and	their	ongoing	maintenance,	internet	connectivity,	free	Supercharging	programsand	over-the-air	software	updates.	These	deliveries	are	vehicles	that	are	not	subject	to	lease	accounting.Automotive	regulatory	credits	includes	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers.	Our	revenue	from	automotive	regulatorycredits	is	directly	related	to	our	new	vehicle	production,	sales	and	pricing	negotiated	with	our	customers.	We	monetize	them	proactively	as	new	vehiclesare	sold	based	on	standing	arrangements	with	buyers	of	such	credits,	typically	as	close	as	possible	to	the	production	and	delivery	of	the	vehicle	orchanges	in	regulation	impacting	the	credits.Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	revenue	for	vehicles	under	direct	operating	lease	agreements.	Additionally,	automotiveleasing	revenue	includes	direct	sales-type	leasing	programs	where	we	recognize	all	revenue	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	upon	delivery	to	thecustomer.Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	sales	of	used	vehicles,	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	body	shop	and	parts,	paid	Supercharging,vehicle	insurance	revenue	and	retail	merchandise.2023	compared	to	2022Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$11.30	billion,	or	17%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2022,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	473,382	combined	Model	3	and	Model	Y	cash	deliveries	from	production	ramping	of	Model	Y	globally.	The	increasewas	partially	offset	by	a	lower	average	selling	price	on	our	vehicles	driven	by	overall	price	reductions	year	over	year,	sales	mix,	and	a	negative	impactfrom	the	United	States	dollar	strengthening	against	other	foreign	currencies	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	compared	to	the	prior	year.Automotive	regulatory	credits	revenue	increased	$14	million,	or	1%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.38Automotive	leasing	revenue	decreased	$356	million,	or	14%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2022.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	a	decrease	in	direct	sales-type	leasing	revenue	driven	by	lower	deliveries	year	over	year,	partially	offset	by	anincrease	from	our	growing	direct	operating	lease	portfolio.Services	and	other	revenue	increased	$2.23	billion,	or	37%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2022.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	higher	used	vehicle	revenue	driven	by	increases	in	volume,	body	shop	and	part	sales	revenue,	non-warrantymaintenance	services	revenue,	paid	Supercharging	revenue	and	insurance	services	revenue,	all	of	which	are	primarily	attributable	to	our	growing	fleet.The	increases	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	average	selling	price	of	used	vehicles.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	sales	and	leasing	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products,	financing	of	solar	energygeneration	products,	services	related	to	such	products	and	sales	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.2023	compared	to	2022Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$2.13	billion,	or	54%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	deployments	of	Megapack.Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	MarginYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Cost	of	revenuesAutomotive	sales$65,121	$49,599	$32,415	$15,522	31	%$17,184	53	%Automotive	leasing1,268	1,509	978	(241)(16)%531	54	%Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues66,389	51,108	33,393	15,281	30	%17,715	53	%Services	and	other7,830	5,880	3,906	1,950	33	%1,974	51	%Total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segmentcost	of	revenues74,219	56,988	37,299	17,231	30	%19,689	53	%Energy	generation	and	storage	segment4,894	3,621	2,918	1,273	35	%703	24	%Total	cost	of	revenues$79,113	$60,609	$40,217	$18,504	31	%$20,392	51	%Gross	profit	total	automotive$16,030	$20,354	$13,839	Gross	margin	total	automotive19.4	%28.5	%29.3	%Gross	profit	total	automotive	&	services	and	othersegment$16,519	$20,565	$13,735	Gross	margin	total	automotive	&	services	and	othersegment18.2	%26.5	%26.9	%Gross	profit	energy	generation	and	storage	segment$1,141	$288	$(129)Gross	margin	energy	generation	and	storage	segment18.9	%7.4	%(4.6)%Total	gross	profit$17,660	$20,853	$13,606	Total	gross	margin18.2	%25.6	%25.3	%39Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	SegmentCost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	materials,	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	toolingand	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	FSD	ongoing	maintenance	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costsrelated	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	towarranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	forobsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.	Additionally,	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	benefits	from	manufacturing	creditsearned.Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	depreciation	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	cost	of	goods	sold	associated	with	direct	sales-type	leasesand	warranty	expense	related	to	leased	vehicles.Costs	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	cost	of	used	vehicles	including	refurbishment	costs,	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warrantyafter-sales	services,	costs	associated	with	our	body	shops	and	part	sales,	costs	of	paid	Supercharging,	costs	to	provide	vehicle	insurance	and	costs	forretail	merchandise.2023	compared	to	2022Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$15.52	billion,	or	31%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	increased	in	line	with	the	change	in	deliveries	year	over	year,	as	discussed	above.	The	increasewas	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	average	combined	cost	per	unit	of	our	vehicles	primarily	due	to	sales	mix,	lower	inbound	freight,	a	decrease	inmaterial	costs	and	lower	manufacturing	costs	from	better	fixed	cost	absorption.	Our	costs	of	revenue	were	also	positively	impacted	by	the	United	Statesdollar	strengthening	against	our	foreign	currencies	as	compared	to	the	prior	periods	and	by	the	IRA	manufacturing	credits	earned	during	the	current	year.Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	decreased	$241	million,	or	16%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	a	decrease	in	direct	sales-type	leasing	cost	of	revenue	driven	by	lower	deliveries	year	over	year.Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	increased	$1.95	billion,	or	33%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	The	increase	was	generally	in	line	with	the	changes	in	services	and	other	revenue	as	discussed	above.Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	decreased	from	28.5%	to	19.4%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	The	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	a	lower	average	selling	price	on	our	vehicles	partially	offset	by	the	favorable	change	in	ouraverage	combined	cost	per	unit	of	our	vehicles	and	IRA	manufacturing	credits	earned	as	discussed	above.Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	decreased	from	26.5%	to	18.2%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	ascompared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	primarily	due	to	the	automotive	gross	margin	decrease	discussed	above.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentCost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,other	overhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	also	includes	charges	to	writedown	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excessof	forecasted	demand.	Additionally,	cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	benefits	from	manufacturing	credits	earned.	In	agreements	for	solarenergy	systems	and	PPAs	where	we	are	the	lessor,	the	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and	amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.2023	compared	to	2022Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	$1.27	billion,	or	35%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	yearended	December	31,	2022,	in	line	with	the	increase	in	Megapack	deployments	year	over	year,	as	discussed	above.	This	increase	was	partially	offset	by	animprovement	in	production	ramping	that	drove	down	the	average	cost	per	MWh	of	Megapack	as	well	as	IRA	manufacturing	credits	earned	during	thecurrent	year.40Gross	margin	for	energy	generation	and	storage	increased	from	7.4%	to	18.9%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	yearended	December	31,	2022.	The	increase	was	driven	by	an	improvement	in	our	Megapack	gross	margin	from	lower	average	cost	per	MWh	and	a	higherproportion	of	Megapack,	which	operated	at	a	higher	gross	margin,	within	the	segment	as	compared	to	the	prior	year	periods.	Additionally,	there	was	amargin	benefit	from	IRA	manufacturing	credits	earned.Research	and	Development	ExpenseYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Research	and	development$3,969	$3,075	$2,593	$894	29	%$482	19	%As	a	percentage	of	revenues4	%4	%5	%Research	and	development	(“R&D”)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	manufacturingengineering	and	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.R&D	expenses	increased	$894	million,	or	29%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.	Theoverall	increase	was	primarily	driven	by	additional	costs	in	the	current	year	related	to	the	pre-production	phase	for	Cybertruck,	AI	and	other	programs.R&D	expenses	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	stayed	consistent	at	4%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022.	Our	R&D	expenses	have	increased	proportionately	with	total	revenues	as	we	continue	to	expand	our	product	roadmap	andtechnologies.Selling,	General	and	Administrative	ExpenseYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Selling,	general	and	administrative$4,800	$3,946	$4,517	$854	22	%$(571)(13)%As	a	percentage	of	revenues5	%5	%8	%Selling,	general	and	administrative	(“SG&A”)	expenses	generally	consist	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	stores,	marketing,	sales,executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	fees	for	professional	and	contract	services	and	litigationsettlements.SG&A	expenses	increased	$854	million,	or	22%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.	This	wasdriven	by	a	$447	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	costs	primarily	from	increased	headcount,	including	professional	services	and	a	$363	millionincrease	in	facilities	related	expenses.Restructuring	and	OtherYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Restructuring	and	other$—	$176	$(27)$(176)(100)%$203	Not	meaningfulDuring	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	we	recorded	an	impairment	loss	of	$204	million	as	well	as	realized	gains	of	$64	million	in	connectionwith	converting	our	holdings	of	digital	assets	into	fiat	currency.	We	also	recorded	other	expenses	of	$36	million	during	the	second	quarter	of	the	yearended	December	31,	2022,	related	to	employee	terminations.Interest	IncomeYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Interest	income$1,066	$297	$56	$769	259	%$241	430	%41Interest	income	increased	$769	million,	or	259%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.	Thisincrease	was	primarily	due	to	higher	interest	earned	on	our	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	short-term	investments	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023as	compared	to	the	prior	year	due	to	rising	interest	rates	and	our	increasing	portfolio	balance.Other	Income	(Expense),	NetYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%Other	income	(expense),	net$172	$(43)$135	$215	Not	meaningful$(178)Not	meaningfulOther	income	(expense),	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	monetary	assetsand	liabilities.	We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary	depending	upon	movements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.Other	income,	net,	changed	favorably	by	$215	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.The	favorable	change	was	primarily	due	to	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	on	our	intercompany	balances.(Benefit	from)	Provision	for	Income	TaxesYear	Ended	December	31,2023	vs.	2022	Change2022	vs.	2021	Change(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021$%$%(Benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes$(5,001)$1,132	$699	$(6,133)Not	meaningful$433	62	%Effective	tax	rate(50)%8	%11	%We	monitor	the	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	taking	into	account	all	relevant	factors	at	each	reporting	period.	As	of	December	31,	2023,based	on	the	relevant	weight	of	positive	and	negative	evidence,	including	the	amount	of	our	taxable	income	in	recent	years	which	is	objective	andverifiable,	and	consideration	of	our	expected	future	taxable	earnings,	we	concluded	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	federal	and	certain	statedeferred	tax	assets	are	realizable.	As	such,	we	released	$6.54	billion	of	our	valuation	allowance	associated	with	the	U.S.	federal	and	state	deferred	taxassets,	with	the	exception	of	our	California	deferred	tax	assets.	Approximately	$5.93	billion	of	the	total	valuation	allowance	release	was	related	todeferred	tax	assets	to	be	realized	in	the	future	years	and	the	remainder	benefited	us	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023.	We	continue	to	maintaina	full	valuation	allowance	against	our	California	deferred	tax	assets	as	of	December	31,	2023,	because	we	concluded	they	are	not	more	likely	than	not	tobe	realized	as	we	expect	our	California	deferred	tax	assets	generation	in	future	years	to	exceed	our	ability	to	use	these	deferred	tax	assets.Our	(benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes	changed	by	$6.13	billion	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022,	primarily	due	to	the	release	of	$6.54	billion	of	our	valuation	allowance	associated	with	the	U.S.	federal	and	certain	state	deferred	taxassets.Our	effective	tax	rate	changed	from	an	expense	of	8%	to	a	benefit	of	50%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022,	primarily	due	to	the	release	of	the	valuation	allowance	regarding	our	U.S.	federal	and	certain	state	deferred	tax	assets.See	Note	14,	Income	Taxes,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	further	details.Liquidity	and	Capital	ResourcesWe	expect	to	continue	to	generate	net	positive	operating	cash	flow	as	we	have	done	in	the	last	five	fiscal	years.	The	cash	we	generate	from	our	coreoperations	enables	us	to	fund	ongoing	operations	and	production,	our	research	and	development	projects	for	new	products	and	technologies	including	ourproprietary	battery	cells,	additional	manufacturing	ramps	at	existing	manufacturing	facilities,	the	construction	of	future	factories,	and	the	continuedexpansion	of	our	retail	and	service	locations,	body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet,	Supercharger,	including	to	support	NACS,	energy	product	installationcapabilities	and	autonomy	and	other	artificial	intelligence	enabled	products.42In	addition,	because	a	large	portion	of	our	future	expenditures	will	be	to	fund	our	growth,	we	expect	that	if	needed	we	will	be	able	to	adjust	ourcapital	and	operating	expenditures	by	operating	segment.	For	example,	if	our	near-term	manufacturing	operations	decrease	in	scale	or	ramp	more	slowlythan	expected,	including	due	to	global	economic	or	business	conditions,	we	may	choose	to	correspondingly	slow	the	pace	of	our	capital	expenditures.Finally,	we	continually	evaluate	our	cash	needs	and	may	decide	it	is	best	to	raise	additional	capital	or	seek	alternative	financing	sources	to	fund	the	rapidgrowth	of	our	business,	including	through	drawdowns	on	existing	or	new	debt	facilities	or	financing	funds.	Conversely,	we	may	also	from	time	to	timedetermine	that	it	is	in	our	best	interests	to	voluntarily	repay	certain	indebtedness	early.Accordingly,	we	believe	that	our	current	sources	of	funds	will	provide	us	with	adequate	liquidity	during	the	12-month	period	following	December	31,2023,	as	well	as	in	the	long-term.See	the	sections	below	for	more	details	regarding	the	material	requirements	for	cash	in	our	business	and	our	sources	of	liquidity	to	meet	suchneeds.Material	Cash	RequirementsFrom	time	to	time	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	we	enter	into	agreements	with	vendors	for	the	purchase	of	components	and	raw	materials	tobe	used	in	the	manufacture	of	our	products.	However,	due	to	contractual	terms,	variability	in	the	precise	growth	curves	of	our	development	andproduction	ramps,	and	opportunities	to	renegotiate	pricing,	we	generally	do	not	have	binding	and	enforceable	purchase	orders	under	such	contractsbeyond	the	short-term,	and	the	timing	and	magnitude	of	purchase	orders	beyond	such	period	is	difficult	to	accurately	project.As	discussed	in	and	subject	to	the	considerations	referenced	in	Part	II,	Item	7,	Management's	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	andResults	of	Operations—Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Uncertainties	and	2023	Outlook—Cash	Flow	and	Capital	Expenditure	Trends	in	thisAnnual	Report	on	Form	10-K,	we	currently	expect	our	capital	expenditures	to	support	our	projects	globally	to	exceed	$10.00	billion	in	2024	and	bebetween	$8.00	to	$10.00	billion	in	each	of	the	following	two	fiscal	years.	In	connection	with	our	operations	at	Gigafactory	New	York,	we	have	anagreement	to	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	throughDecember	31,	2029	(pursuant	to	a	deferral	of	our	required	timelines	to	meet	such	obligations	that	was	granted	in	April	2021,	and	which	was	memorializedin	an	amendment	to	our	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	in	August	2021).	For	details	regarding	these	obligations,	refer	to	Note	15,	Commitmentsand	Contingencies,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	and	our	subsidiaries	had	outstanding	$4.68	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	indebtedness,	of	which	$1.98billion	is	scheduled	to	become	due	in	the	succeeding	12	months.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	our	total	minimum	lease	payments	was	$5.96	billion,	of	which$1.31	billion	is	due	in	the	succeeding	12	months.	For	details	regarding	our	indebtedness	and	lease	obligations,	refer	to	Note	11,	Debt,	and	Note	12,Leases,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.Sources	and	Conditions	of	LiquidityOur	sources	to	fund	our	material	cash	requirements	are	predominantly	from	our	deliveries	and	servicing	of	new	and	used	vehicles,	sales	andinstallations	of	our	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	proceeds	from	debt	facilities	and	proceeds	from	equity	offerings,	when	applicable.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	$16.40	billion	and	$12.70	billion	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	short-term	investments,	respectively.	Balancesheld	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of	$4.43	billion	and	consisted	primarily	of	Chinese	yuan	and	euros.	We	had	$5.03	billion	of	unusedcommitted	credit	amounts	as	of	December	31,	2023.	For	details	regarding	our	indebtedness,	refer	to	Note	11,	Debt,	to	the	consolidated	financialstatements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.We	continue	adapting	our	strategy	to	meet	our	liquidity	and	risk	objectives,	such	as	investing	in	U.S.	government	securities	and	other	investments,to	do	more	vertical	integration,	expand	our	product	roadmap	and	provide	financing	options	to	our	customers.43Summary	of	Cash	Flows	Year	Ended	December	31,(Dollars	in	millions)202320222021Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities$13,256	$14,724	$11,497	Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities$(15,584)$(11,973)$(7,868)Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	financing	activities$2,589	$(3,527)$(5,203)Cash	Flows	from	Operating	ActivitiesOur	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	asresearch	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	and	working	capital.	Our	operating	cash	inflows	include	cash	from	vehicle	sales	andrelated	servicing,	customer	lease	and	financing	payments,	customer	deposits,	cash	from	sales	of	regulatory	credits	and	energy	generation	and	storageproducts,	and	interest	income	on	our	cash	and	investments	portfolio.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	our	payments	to	suppliers	for	production	materialsand	parts	used	in	our	manufacturing	process,	operating	expenses,	operating	lease	payments	and	interest	payments	on	our	financings.Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities	decreased	by	$1.47	billion	to	$13.26	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	from	$14.72	billionduring	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.	This	decrease	was	primarily	due	to	the	decrease	in	net	income	excluding	non-cash	expenses,	gains	and	lossesof	$2.93	billion,	partially	offset	by	favorable	changes	in	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	of	$1.46	billion.Cash	Flows	from	Investing	ActivitiesCash	flows	from	investing	activities	and	their	variability	across	each	period	related	primarily	to	capital	expenditures,	which	were	$8.90	billion	for	theyear	ended	December	31,	2023	and	$7.16	billion	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	mainly	for	global	factory	expansion	and	machinery	andequipment	as	we	expand	our	product	roadmap.	We	also	purchased	$6.62	billion	and	$5.81	billion	of	investments,	net	of	proceeds	from	maturities	andsales,	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	respectively.	Additionally,	proceeds	from	sales	of	digital	assets	was	$936	million	in	the	yearended	December	31,	2022.Cash	Flows	from	Financing	ActivitiesNet	cash	from	financing	activities	changed	by	$6.12	billion	to	$2.59	billion	net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	during	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2023	from	$3.53	billion	net	cash	used	in	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022.	The	change	was	primarily	due	to	a$3.93	billion	increase	in	proceeds	from	issuances	of	debt	and	a	$2.01	billion	decrease	in	repayments	of	debt.	See	Note	11,	Debt,	to	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	further	details	regarding	our	debt	obligations.Recent	Accounting	PronouncementsSee	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form10-K.44ITEM	7A.	QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISKForeign	Currency	RiskWe	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies	and	hence	have	foreign	currency	risks	related	to	our	revenue,	costs	of	revenue	and	operatingexpenses	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	(primarily	the	Chinese	yuan	and	euro	in	relation	to	our	current	year	operations).	In	general,we	are	a	net	receiver	of	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	for	our	foreign	subsidiaries.	Accordingly,	changes	in	exchange	rates	affect	our	operatingresults	as	expressed	in	U.S.	dollars	as	we	do	not	typically	hedge	foreign	currency	risk.We	have	also	experienced,	and	will	continue	to	experience,	fluctuations	in	our	net	income	as	a	result	of	gains	(losses)	on	the	settlement	and	the	re-measurement	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	that	are	not	the	local	currency	(primarily	consisting	of	our	intercompany	andcash	and	cash	equivalents	balances).We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in	foreigncurrency	exchange	rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near-term.	These	changes	were	applied	to	our	total	monetary	assets	andliabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	our	local	currencies	at	the	balance	sheet	date	to	compute	the	impact	these	changes	would	have	had	onour	net	income	before	income	taxes.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	a	gain	or	loss	of	$1.01	billion	at	December	31,	2023	and	$473	million	atDecember	31,	2022,	assuming	no	foreign	currency	hedging.45ITEM	8.	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATAIndex	to	Consolidated	Financial	StatementsPageReport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm	(PCAOB	ID:	238)47Consolidated	Balance	Sheets49Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations50Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Income51Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity52Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows53Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements5446Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	FirmTo	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla,	Inc.Opinions	on	the	Financial	Statements	and	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingWe	have	audited	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	of	Tesla,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	“Company”)	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,and	the	related	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	income,	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	and	equity	and	of	cash	flows	foreach	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2023,	including	the	related	notes	(collectively	referred	to	as	the	“consolidated	financialstatements”).	We	also	have	audited	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2023,	based	on	criteria	established	inInternal	Control	-	Integrated	Framework	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).In	our	opinion,	the	consolidated	financial	statements	referred	to	above	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	the	Company	as	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	and	the	results	of	its	operations	and	its	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2023	inconformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all	materialrespects,	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2023,	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	-	IntegratedFramework	(2013)	issued	by	the	COSO.Changes	in	Accounting	PrinciplesAs	discussed	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	Company	changed	the	manner	in	which	it	accounts	for	convertible	debt	in	2021.Basis	for	OpinionsThe	Company's	management	is	responsible	for	these	consolidated	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,and	for	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	FinancialReporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company'sinternal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	audits.	We	are	a	public	accounting	firm	registered	with	the	Public	Company	Accounting	OversightBoard	(United	States)	(PCAOB)	and	are	required	to	be	independent	with	respect	to	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	U.S.	federal	securities	laws	andthe	applicable	rules	and	regulations	of	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	and	the	PCAOB.We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	PCAOB.	Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtainreasonable	assurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	whethereffective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.Our	audits	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	performing	procedures	to	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	performing	procedures	that	respond	to	those	risks.	Such	procedures	included	examining,	on	atest	basis,	evidence	regarding	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Our	audits	also	included	evaluating	the	accountingprinciples	used	and	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	as	well	as	evaluating	the	overall	presentation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements.Our	audit	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	riskthat	a	material	weakness	exists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.	Ouraudits	also	included	performing	such	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonablebasis	for	our	opinions.47Definition	and	Limitations	of	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingA	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reportingand	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company’s	internalcontrol	over	financial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accuratelyand	fairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	asnecessary	to	permit	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and	expendituresof	the	company	are	being	made	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide	reasonableassurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	materialeffect	on	the	financial	statements.Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.	Also,	projections	of	any	evaluationof	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	ofcompliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.Critical	Audit	MattersThe	critical	audit	matter	communicated	below	is	a	matter	arising	from	the	current	period	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	that	wascommunicated	or	required	to	be	communicated	to	the	audit	committee	and	that	(i)	relates	to	accounts	or	disclosures	that	are	material	to	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements	and	(ii)	involved	our	especially	challenging,	subjective,	or	complex	judgments.	The	communication	of	critical	audit	matters	does	notalter	in	any	way	our	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	taken	as	a	whole,	and	we	are	not,	by	communicating	the	critical	audit	matter	below,providing	a	separate	opinion	on	the	critical	audit	matter	or	on	the	accounts	or	disclosures	to	which	it	relates.Automotive	Warranty	ReserveAs	described	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	total	accrued	warranty,	which	primarily	relates	to	the	automotive	segment,	was	$5,152million	as	of	December	31,	2023.	The	Company	provides	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	Tesla	vehicles.	A	warranty	reserve	is	accrued	forthese	products	sold,	which	includes	management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty	and	recalls	if	identified.These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.The	principal	considerations	for	our	determination	that	performing	procedures	relating	to	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	is	a	critical	audit	matter	arethe	significant	judgment	by	management	in	determining	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models;	this	in	turn	led	to	significantauditor	judgment,	subjectivity,	and	effort	in	performing	procedures	to	evaluate	management’s	significant	assumptions	related	to	the	nature,	frequencyand	costs	of	future	claims	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models,	and	the	audit	effort	involved	the	use	of	professionals	with	specialized	skill	and	knowledge.Addressing	the	matter	involved	performing	procedures	and	evaluating	audit	evidence	in	connection	with	forming	our	overall	opinion	on	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements.	These	procedures	included	testing	the	effectiveness	of	controls	relating	to	management’s	estimate	of	the	automotive	warrantyreserve	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models,	including	controls	over	management’s	significant	assumptions	related	to	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	offuture	claims	as	well	as	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	actual	claims	incurred	to	date.	These	procedures	also	included,	among	others,	performing	oneof	the	following:	(i)	testing	management’s	process	for	determining	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models	or	(ii)	developing	anindependent	estimate	of	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models	and	comparing	the	independent	estimate	to	management’sestimate	to	evaluate	the	reasonableness	of	the	estimate.	Testing	management’s	process	involved	evaluating	the	reasonableness	of	significantassumptions	related	to	the	nature	and	frequency	of	future	claims	and	the	related	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty.	Evaluating	theassumptions	related	to	the	nature	and	frequency	of	future	claims	and	the	related	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty	involved	evaluatingwhether	the	assumptions	used	were	reasonable	by	performing	a	lookback	analysis	comparing	prior	period	forecasted	claims	to	actual	claims	incurred.Developing	the	independent	estimate	involved	testing	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	historical	vehicle	claims	processed	and	testing	that	such	claimswere	appropriately	used	by	management	in	the	estimation	of	future	claims.	Professionals	with	specialized	skill	and	knowledge	were	used	to	assist	indeveloping	an	independent	estimate	of	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	for	certain	Tesla	vehicle	models	and	in	evaluating	the	appropriateness	of	certainaspects	of	management’s	significant	assumptions	related	to	the	nature	and	frequency	of	future	claims./s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLPSan	Jose,	CaliforniaJanuary	26,	2024We	have	served	as	the	Company’s	auditor	since	2005.48Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Balance	Sheets(in	millions,	except	per	share	data)December	31,2023December	31,2022AssetsCurrent	assetsCash	and	cash	equivalents$16,398	$16,253	Short-term	investments12,696	5,932	Accounts	receivable,	net3,508	2,952	Inventory13,626	12,839	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets3,388	2,941	Total	current	assets49,616	40,917	Operating	lease	vehicles,	net5,989	5,035	Solar	energy	systems,	net5,229	5,489	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net29,725	23,548	Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets4,180	2,563	Digital	assets,	net184	184	Intangible	assets,	net178	215	Goodwill253	194	Deferred	tax	assets6,733	328	Other	non-current	assets4,531	3,865	Total	assets$106,618	$82,338	LiabilitiesCurrent	liabilitiesAccounts	payable$14,431	$15,255	Accrued	liabilities	and	other9,080	8,205	Deferred	revenue2,864	1,747	Current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases2,373	1,502	Total	current	liabilities28,748	26,709	Debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion2,857	1,597	Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion3,251	2,804	Other	long-term	liabilities8,153	5,330	Total	liabilities43,009	36,440	Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	15)Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries242	409	EquityStockholders’	equityPreferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100	shares	authorized;	no	shares	issued	and	outstanding—	—	Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	6,000	shares	authorized;	3,185	and	3,164	shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	respectively3	3	Additional	paid-in	capital34,892	32,177	Accumulated	other	comprehensive	loss(143)(361)Retained	earnings27,882	12,885	Total	stockholders’	equity62,634	44,704	Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries733	785	Total	liabilities	and	equity$106,618	$82,338	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.49Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations(in	millions,	except	per	share	data)Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021RevenuesAutomotive	sales$78,509	$67,210	$44,125	Automotive	regulatory	credits1,790	1,776	1,465	Automotive	leasing2,120	2,476	1,642	Total	automotive	revenues82,419	71,462	47,232	Energy	generation	and	storage6,035	3,909	2,789	Services	and	other8,319	6,091	3,802	Total	revenues96,773	81,462	53,823	Cost	of	revenuesAutomotive	sales65,121	49,599	32,415	Automotive	leasing1,268	1,509	978	Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues66,389	51,108	33,393	Energy	generation	and	storage4,894	3,621	2,918	Services	and	other7,830	5,880	3,906	Total	cost	of	revenues79,113	60,609	40,217	Gross	profit17,660	20,853	13,606	Operating	expensesResearch	and	development3,969	3,075	2,593	Selling,	general	and	administrative4,800	3,946	4,517	Restructuring	and	other—	176	(27)Total	operating	expenses8,769	7,197	7,083	Income	from	operations8,891	13,656	6,523	Interest	income1,066	297	56	Interest	expense(156)(191)(371)Other	income	(expense),	net172	(43)135	Income	before	income	taxes9,973	13,719	6,343	(Benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes(5,001)1,132	699	Net	income14,974	12,587	5,644	Net	(loss)	income	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interestsin	subsidiaries(23)31	125	Net	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders$14,997	$12,556	$5,519		Net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholdersBasic$4.73	$4.02	$1.87	Diluted$4.30	$3.62	$1.63	Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	income	per	share	of	common	stockBasic3,1743,1302,959Diluted3,4853,4753,386The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.50Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Income(in	millions)Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Net	income$14,974	$12,587	$5,644	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss):Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment198	(392)(308)Unrealized	net	gain	(loss)	on	investments16	(23)(1)Adjustment	for	net	loss	realized	and	included	in	net	income				4	—	—	Comprehensive	income15,192	12,172	5,335	Less:	Comprehensive	(loss)	income	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	andredeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries(23)31	125	Comprehensive	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders$15,215	$12,141	$5,210	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.51Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity(in	millions)RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestsCommon	StockAdditionalPaid-InCapitalAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome	(Loss)(AccumulatedDeficit)RetainedEarningsTotalStockholders’EquityNoncontrollingInterests	inSubsidiariesTotalEquitySharesAmountBalance	as	of	December	31,	2020$604	2,879$3	$27,260	$363	$(5,401)$22,225	$850	$23,075	Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	ASU	2020-06—	——	(474)—	211	(263)—	(263)Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes—	2—	6	—	—	6	—	6	Settlements	of	warrants—	112—	—	—	—	—	—	—	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards—	107—	707	—	—	707	—	707	Stock-based	compensation—	——	2,299	—	—	2,299	—	2,299	Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests2	——	—	—	—	—	—	—	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests(66)——	—	—	—	—	(106)(106)Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests(15)——	5	—	—	5	—	5	Net	income43	——	—	—	5,519	5,519	82	5,601	Other	comprehensive	loss—	——	—	(309)—	(309)—	(309)Balance	as	of	December	31,	2021$568	3,100$3	$29,803	$54	$329	$30,189	$826	$31,015	Settlements	of	warrants—	37—	—	—	—	—	—	—	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards—	27—	541	—	—	541	—	541	Stock-based	compensation—	——	1,806	—	—	1,806	—	1,806	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests(46)——	—	—	—	—	(113)(113)Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests(11)——	27	—	—	27	(61)(34)Net	(loss)	income(102)——	—	—	12,556	12,556	133	12,689	Other	comprehensive	loss—	——	—	(415)—	(415)—	(415)Balance	as	of	December	31,	2022$409	3,164$3	$32,177	$(361)$12,885	$44,704	$785	$45,489	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards—	21—	700	—	—	700	—	700	Stock-based	compensation—	——	2,013	—	—	2,013	—	2,013	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests(32)——	—	—	—	—	(108)(108)Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests(39)——	2	—	—	2	(17)(15)Net	(loss)	income(96)——	—	—	14,997	14,997	73	15,070	Other	comprehensive	income—	——	—	218	—	218	—	218	Balance	as	of	December	31,	2023$242	3,185$3	$34,892	$(143)$27,882	$62,634	$733	$63,367	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.52Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows(in	millions)Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Cash	Flows	from	Operating	ActivitiesNet	income$14,974	$12,587	$5,644	Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	income	to	net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities:Depreciation,	amortization	and	impairment4,667	3,747	2,911	Stock-based	compensation1,812	1,560	2,121	Inventory	and	purchase	commitments	write-downs463	177	140	Foreign	currency	transaction	net	unrealized	(gain)	loss(144)81	(55)Deferred	income	taxes(6,349)(196)(149)Non-cash	interest	and	other	operating	activities81	340	245	Digital	assets	loss	(gain),	net—	140	(27)Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities:Accounts	receivable(586)(1,124)(130)Inventory(1,195)(6,465)(1,709)Operating	lease	vehicles(1,952)(1,570)(2,114)Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets(2,652)(3,713)(1,540)Accounts	payable,	accrued	and	other	liabilities2,605	8,029	5,367	Deferred	revenue1,532	1,131	793	Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities13,256	14,724	11,497	Cash	Flows	from	Investing	ActivitiesPurchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	finance	leases,	net	of	sales(8,898)(7,158)(6,482)Purchases	of	solar	energy	systems,	net	of	sales(1)(5)(32)Purchases	of	digital	assets—	—	(1,500)Proceeds	from	sales	of	digital	assets—	936	272	Purchase	of	intangible	assets—	(9)—	Purchases	of	investments(19,112)(5,835)(132)Proceeds	from	maturities	of	investments12,353	22	—	Proceeds	from	sales	of	investments138	—	—	Receipt	of	government	grants—	76	6	Business	combinations,	net	of	cash	acquired(64)—	—	Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities(15,584)(11,973)(7,868)Cash	Flows	from	Financing	ActivitiesProceeds	from	issuances	of	debt3,931	—	8,883	Repayments	of	debt(1,351)(3,364)(14,167)Collateralized	lease	repayments—	—	(9)Proceeds	from	exercises	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances700	541	707	Principal	payments	on	finance	leases(464)(502)(439)Debt	issuance	costs(29)—	(9)Proceeds	from	investments	by	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries—	—	2	Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries(144)(157)(161)Payments	for	buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries(54)(45)(10)Net	cash	provided	by	(used	in)	financing	activities2,589	(3,527)(5,203)Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash4	(444)(183)Net	increase	(decrease)	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash265	(1,220)(1,757)Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	beginning	of	period16,924	18,144	19,901	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	end	of	period$17,189	$16,924	$18,144	Supplemental	Non-Cash	Investing	and	Financing	ActivitiesAcquisitions	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	liabilities$2,272	$2,148	$2,251	Supplemental	DisclosuresCash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest,	net	of	amounts	capitalized$126	$152	$266	Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	income	taxes,	net	of	refunds$1,119	$1,203	$561	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.53Tesla,	Inc.Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	StatementsNote	1	–	OverviewTesla,	Inc.	(“Tesla”,	the	“Company”,	“we”,	“us”	or	“our”)	was	incorporated	in	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,manufacture,	sell	and	lease	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	energy	generation	and	storage	systems,	and	offer	services	related	to	ourproducts.	Our	Chief	Executive	Officer,	as	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	(“CODM”),	organizes	our	company,	manages	resource	allocations	andmeasures	performance	among	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.Note	2	–	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	PoliciesPrinciples	of	ConsolidationThe	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	GAAP	and	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	andthose	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	ASC	810,	Consolidation	(“ASC	810”),	weconsolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	formed	VIEs	with	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinarycourse	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	certain	attributes	associated	with	solar	energy	systems	and	leases	under	ourdirect	vehicle	leasing	programs.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	theVIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefitsfrom	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are	notconsidered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	all	the	VIEs	(see	Note	16,	Variable	Interest	EntityArrangements).	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	Allintercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.Use	of	EstimatesThe	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	GAAP	requires	management	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reportedamounts	of	assets,	liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures	in	the	accompanying	notes.	The	estimates	used	for,	but	not	limited	to,determining	significant	economic	incentive	for	resale	value	guarantee	arrangements,	sales	return	reserves,	income	taxes,	the	collectability	of	accountsand	finance	receivables,	inventory	valuation,	warranties,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	goodwill,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	fair	value	and	residualvalue	of	operating	lease	vehicles	and	solar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases	could	be	impacted.	We	have	assessed	the	impact	and	are	not	aware	of	anyspecific	events	or	circumstances	that	required	an	update	to	our	estimates	and	assumptions	or	materially	affected	the	carrying	value	of	our	assets	orliabilities	as	of	the	date	of	issuance	of	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.	These	estimates	may	change	as	new	events	occur	and	additional	information	isobtained.	Actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	these	estimates	under	different	assumptions	or	conditions.ReclassificationsCertain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	theaccompanying	notes.54Revenue	RecognitionRevenue	by	sourceThe	following	table	disaggregates	our	revenue	by	major	source	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Automotive	sales$78,509	$67,210	$44,125	Automotive	regulatory	credits1,790	1,776	1,465	Energy	generation	and	storage	sales5,515	3,376	2,279	Services	and	other8,319	6,091	3,802	Total	revenues	from	sales	and	services94,133	78,453	51,671	Automotive	leasing2,120	2,476	1,642	Energy	generation	and	storage	leasing520	533	510	Total	revenues$96,773	$81,462	$53,823	Automotive	SegmentAutomotive	SalesAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	cash	and	financing	deliveries	of	new	vehicles,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	thatmeet	the	definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	ASC	606,	including	access	to	our	FSD	Capability	features	and	their	ongoing	maintenance,	internetconnectivity,	free	Supercharging	programs	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,which	is	when	the	control	of	a	vehicle	transfers.	Payments	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	termscustomary	to	the	business,	except	sales	we	finance	for	which	payments	are	collected	over	the	contractual	loan	term.	We	also	recognize	a	sales	returnreserve	based	on	historical	experience	plus	consideration	for	expected	future	market	values,	when	we	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buybackterms.	Other	features	and	services	such	as	access	to	our	internet	connectivity,	unlimited	free	Supercharging	and	over-the-air	software	updates	areprovisioned	upon	control	transfer	of	a	vehicle	and	recognized	over	time	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	suchservices	to	the	customer.	Other	limited	free	Supercharging	incentives	are	recognized	based	on	actual	usage	or	expiration,	whichever	is	earlier.	Werecognize	revenue	related	to	these	other	features	and	services	over	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership	life	of	the	vehicle.Revenue	related	to	FSD	Capability	features	is	recognized	when	functionality	is	delivered	to	the	customer	and	their	ongoing	maintenance	is	recognizedover	time.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	we	estimate	standalone	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	theservice,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.Any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender	when	we	arrange	the	financing	are	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	salesrevenue.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	mainly	relate	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	for	the	sale	of	vehicles.	As	our	contract	costs	related	toautomotive	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	toshipping	and	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	sales	revenue,	and	we	have	elected	to	recognize	the	cost	for	freight	and	shipping	when	control	overvehicles,	parts	or	accessories	have	transferred	to	the	customer	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxescollected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.55We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	to	our	commercial	banking	partners	in	connection	with	certain	vehicle	leasing	programs.	Under	these	programs,we	originate	the	lease	with	our	end	customer	and	immediately	transfer	the	lease	and	the	underlying	vehicle	to	our	commercial	banking	partner,	with	thetransaction	being	accounted	for	as	a	sale	under	ASC	606.	We	receive	upfront	payment	for	the	vehicle,	do	not	bear	casualty	and	credit	risks	during	thelease	term,	and	we	provide	a	guarantee	capped	to	a	limit	if	they	are	unable	to	sell	the	vehicle	at	or	above	the	vehicle’s	contract	residual	value	at	the	endof	the	lease	term.	We	estimate	a	guarantee	liability	in	accordance	with	ASC	460,	Guarantees	and	record	it	within	other	liabilities	on	our	consolidatedbalance	sheet.	On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	value	of	vehicles	sold	under	this	program	to	determine	whether	there	have	beenchanges	to	the	amount	of	expected	resale	value	guarantee	payments.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	resale	values	of	our	vehicles	or	asmarket	conditions	change,	there	may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.	The	total	guarantee	liability	on	vehicles	sold	under	this	program	wasimmaterial	as	of	December	31,	2023.Deferred	revenue	related	to	the	access	to	our	FSD	Capability	features	and	their	ongoing	maintenance,	internet	connectivity,	free	Superchargingprograms	and	over-the-air	software	updates	primarily	on	automotive	sales	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,20232022Deferred	revenue—	beginning	of	period$2,913	$2,382	Additions1,201	1,178	Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	contracts17	(67)Revenue	recognized(595)(580)Deferred	revenue—	end	of	period$3,536	$2,913	Deferred	revenue	is	equivalent	to	the	total	transaction	price	allocated	to	the	performance	obligations	that	are	unsatisfied,	or	partially	unsatisfied,	asof	the	balance	sheet	date.	Revenue	recognized	from	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2022	was	$469	million	for	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2023.	We	had	recognized	revenue	of	$472	million	from	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2021,	for	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022,	primarily	related	to	the	general	FSD	Capability	feature	release	in	North	America	in	the	fourth	quarter	of	2022.	Of	the	total	deferredrevenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2023,	we	expect	to	recognize	$926	million	of	revenue	in	the	next	12	months.	The	remaining	balance	will	berecognized	at	the	time	of	transfer	of	control	of	the	product	or	over	the	performance	period	as	discussed	above	in	Automotive	Sales.We	have	been	providing	loans	for	financing	our	automotive	deliveries	in	volume	since	fiscal	year	2022.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	haverecorded	net	financing	receivables	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	of	which	$242	million	and	$128	million,	respectively,	is	recorded	within	Accountsreceivable,	net,	for	the	current	portion	and	$1.04	billion	and	$665	million,	respectively,	is	recorded	within	Other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-termportion.Automotive	Regulatory	CreditsWe	earn	tradable	credits	in	the	operation	of	our	automotive	business	under	various	regulations	related	to	ZEVs,	greenhouse	gas,	fuel	economy	andclean	fuel.	We	sell	these	credits	to	other	regulated	entities	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	emission	standards	and	other	regulatory	requirements.Payments	for	automotive	regulatory	credits	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	to	the	customer,	or	in	accordance	with	paymentterms	customary	to	the	business.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	automotive	regulatory	credits,	which	have	negligible	incremental	costs	associatedwith	them,	at	the	time	control	of	the	regulatory	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	party.	Deferred	revenue	related	to	sales	of	automotive	regulatorycredits	was	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022.	Revenue	recognized	from	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2022	and	2021was	immaterial	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	we	had	also	recognized	$288	million	inrevenue	due	to	changes	in	regulation	which	entitled	us	to	additional	consideration	for	credits	sold	previously.56Automotive	Leasing	RevenueDirect	Vehicle	Operating	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	operating	leasing	programs	in	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	in	certain	countries	in	Europe.	Qualifyingcustomers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	are	generally	required	toreturn	the	vehicles	to	us.	We	account	for	these	leasing	transactions	as	operating	leases.	We	record	leasing	revenues	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	astraight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term,	and	we	record	the	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	For	the	years	endedDecember	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	we	recognized	$1.86	billion,	$1.75	billion	and	$1.25	billion	of	direct	vehicle	leasing	revenue,	respectively.	As	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	had	deferred	$458	million	and	$407	million,	respectively,	of	lease-related	upfront	payments,	which	will	be	recognizedon	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	individual	leases.Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.Direct	Sales-Type	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	direct	leases	and	vehicles	financed	by	us	under	loan	arrangements	accounted	for	as	sales-type	leases	under	ASC	842,	Leases(“ASC	842”),	in	certain	countries	in	Asia	and	Europe.	Depending	on	the	specific	program,	customers	may	or	may	not	have	a	right	to	return	the	vehicle	tous	during	or	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term.	If	the	customer	does	not	have	a	right	to	return,	the	customer	will	take	title	to	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	leaseterm	after	making	all	contractual	payments.	Under	the	programs	for	which	there	is	a	right	to	return,	the	purchase	option	is	reasonably	certain	to	beexercised	by	the	lessee	and	we	therefore	expect	the	customer	to	take	title	to	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	after	making	all	contractualpayments.	Our	arrangements	under	these	programs	can	have	terms	for	up	to	72	months.	We	recognize	all	revenue	and	costs	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	as	automotive	leasing	revenue	and	automotive	leasing	cost	of	revenue,	respectively,	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Interestincome	based	on	the	implicit	rate	in	the	lease	is	recorded	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	time	as	customers	are	invoiced	on	a	monthly	basis.	For	theyears	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	we	recognized	$215	million,	$683	million	and	$369	million,	respectively,	of	sales-type	leasing	revenueand	$164	million,	$427	million	and	$234	million,	respectively,	of	sales-type	leasing	cost	of	revenue.Services	and	Other	RevenueServices	and	other	revenue	consists	of	sales	of	used	vehicles,	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	body	shop	and	parts,	paid	Supercharging,vehicle	insurance	revenue	and	retail	merchandise.Revenues	related	to	repair,	maintenance	and	vehicle	insurance	services	are	recognized	over	time	as	services	are	provided	and	extended	serviceplans	are	recognized	over	the	performance	period	of	the	service	contract	as	the	obligation	represents	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	the	customer.	We	sellused	vehicles,	services,	service	plans,	vehicle	components	and	merchandise	separately	and	thus	use	standalone	selling	prices	as	the	basis	for	revenueallocation	to	the	extent	that	these	items	are	sold	in	transactions	with	other	performance	obligations.	Payment	for	used	vehicles,	services,	vehiclecomponents,	and	merchandise	are	typically	received	at	the	point	when	control	transfers	to	the	customer	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customaryto	the	business.	Payments	received	for	prepaid	plans	are	refundable	upon	customer	cancellation	of	the	related	contracts	and	are	included	withinCustomer	deposits	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	We	record	in	Deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	prepayment	amounts	that	are	collected	fromcustomers	and	unearned	insurance	premiums,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	Deferred	revenueexcluding	unearned	insurance	premiums	was	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022.57Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	Generation	and	Storage	SalesEnergy	generation	and	storage	sales	revenue	consists	of	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	to	residential,	smallcommercial,	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	customers.	Sales	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	ofthe	engineering,	design	and	installation	of	the	system.	Residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price	of	the	solar	energysystem	upfront.	Revenue	for	the	design	and	installation	obligation	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	systemand	the	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	or	the	authority	having	jurisdiction.	Sales	of	energy	storage	systems	to	residential	and	small	scalecommercial	customers	consist	of	the	installation	of	the	energy	storage	system	and	revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	theproduct	has	been	delivered	or,	if	we	are	performing	installation,	when	installed	and	commissioned.	Payment	for	such	storage	systems	is	made	uponinvoice	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.For	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	energy	storage	system	sales	which	consist	of	the	engineering,	design	and	installation	of	the	system,customers	make	milestone	payments	that	are	consistent	with	contract-specific	phases	of	a	project.	Revenue	from	such	contracts	is	recognized	over	timeusing	the	percentage	of	completion	method	based	on	cost	incurred	as	a	percentage	of	total	estimated	contract	costs	for	energy	storage	system	sales.In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	performance	obligations	in	a	single	contract,	we	allocate	the	consideration	to	the	various	obligations	in	thecontract	based	on	the	relative	standalone	selling	price	method.	Standalone	selling	prices	are	estimated	based	on	estimated	costs	plus	margin	or	by	usingmarket	data	for	comparable	products.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	relate	mainly	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	related	to	the	sale	of	energystorage	systems.	As	our	contract	costs	related	to	energy	storage	system	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	areexpensed	as	incurred.As	part	of	our	energy	storage	system	contracts,	we	may	provide	the	customer	with	performance	guarantees	that	warrant	that	the	underlying	systemwill	meet	or	exceed	the	minimum	energy	performance	requirements	specified	in	the	contract.	If	an	energy	storage	system	does	not	meet	theperformance	guarantee	requirements,	we	may	be	required	to	pay	liquidated	damages.	Other	forms	of	variable	consideration	related	to	our	largecommercial	and	utility	grade	energy	storage	system	contracts	include	variable	customer	payments	that	will	be	made	based	on	our	energy	marketparticipation	activities.	Such	guarantees	and	variable	customer	payments	represent	a	form	of	variable	consideration	and	are	estimated	at	contractinception	at	their	most	likely	amount	and	updated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period	as	additional	performance	data	becomes	available.	Such	estimatesare	included	in	the	transaction	price	only	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	a	significant	reversal	of	revenue	will	not	occur.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers	related	to	fees	charged	for	prepayments,	which	isrecognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	deferred	revenue	related	to	suchcustomer	payments	amounted	to	$1.60	billion	and	$863	million,	respectively,	mainly	due	to	contractual	payment	terms.	Revenue	recognized	from	thedeferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2022	and	2021	was	$571	million	and	$171	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,respectively.	We	have	elected	the	practical	expedient	to	omit	disclosure	of	the	amount	of	the	transaction	price	allocated	to	remaining	performanceobligations	for	energy	generation	and	storage	sales	with	an	original	expected	contract	length	of	one	year	or	less	and	the	amount	that	we	have	the	right	toinvoice	when	that	amount	corresponds	directly	with	the	value	of	the	performance	to	date.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	total	transaction	price	allocated	toperformance	obligations	that	were	unsatisfied	or	partially	unsatisfied	for	contracts	with	an	original	expected	length	of	more	than	one	year	was	$3.43billion.	Of	this	amount,	we	expect	to	recognize	$1.05	billion	in	the	next	12	months	and	the	rest	over	the	remaining	performance	obligation	period.We	have	been	providing	loans	for	financing	our	energy	generation	products	in	volume	since	fiscal	year	2022.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,we	have	recorded	net	financing	receivables	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	of	which	$31	million	and	$24	million,	respectively,	is	recorded	withinAccounts	receivable,	net,	for	the	current	portion	and	$578	million	and	$387	million,	respectively,	is	recorded	within	Other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.58Energy	Generation	and	Storage	LeasingFor	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	we	record	leaserevenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	thelease	term,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	isrecorded	as	deferred	revenue	or	deferred	asset	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	PPAs	prior	to	January	1,	2019,	we	have	determined	that	theseagreements	should	be	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840,	Leases.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricitydelivered	at	rates	specified	under	the	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized,which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	deferred	revenue	related	to	suchcustomer	payments	amounted	to	$181	million	and	$191	million,	respectively.	Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portion	of	rebates	and	incentivesreceived	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term.	As	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives	was	immaterial.We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	execution	of	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems	and	PPAs,	which	include	the	referral	fees	and	salescommissions,	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	agreements.Cost	of	RevenuesAutomotive	SegmentAutomotive	SalesCost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	materials,	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	toolingand	machinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	FSD	Capability	ongoing	maintenance	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	andinfrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	and	reserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includesadjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	toprovide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.	Additionally,	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	benefits	from	manufacturingcredits	earned.Automotive	LeasingCost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	depreciation	of	operating	lease	vehicles,	cost	of	goods	sold	associated	with	direct	sales-type	leasesand	warranty	expense	related	to	leased	vehicles.Services	and	OtherCosts	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	cost	of	used	vehicles	including	refurbishment	costs,	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warrantyafter-sales	services,	costs	associated	with	our	body	shops	and	part	sales,	costs	of	paid	Supercharging,	costs	to	provide	vehicle	insurance	and	costs	forretail	merchandise.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	Generation	and	StorageCost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	overhead	costs,	freight,	warranty	expense,	andamortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	also	includes	charges	to	write	down	the	carrying	valueof	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasted	demand.Additionally,	cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	benefits	from	manufacturing	credits	earned.	In	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems	andPPAs	where	we	are	the	lessor,	the	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	of	leased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costsassociated	with	those	systems	and	amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.59Research	and	Development	CostsResearch	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.Income	TaxesWe	are	subject	to	income	taxes	in	the	U.S.	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Income	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	underwhich	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the	difference	between	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilitiesusing	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences	are	expected	to	affect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	whennecessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be	realized.We	monitor	the	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	taking	into	account	all	relevant	factors	at	each	reporting	period.	Significant	judgment	isrequired	in	determining	our	provision	for	income	taxes,	our	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	netdeferred	tax	assets	that	are	not	more	likely	than	not	to	be	realized.	In	completing	our	assessment	of	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets,	we	considerour	history	of	income	(loss)	measured	at	pre-tax	income	(loss)	adjusted	for	permanent	book-tax	differences	on	a	jurisdictional	basis,	volatility	in	actualearnings,	excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock-based	compensation	in	recent	prior	years,	and	impacts	of	the	timing	of	reversal	of	existing	temporarydifferences.	We	also	rely	on	our	assessment	of	the	Company’s	projected	future	results	of	business	operations,	including	uncertainty	in	future	operatingresults	relative	to	historical	results,	volatility	in	the	market	price	of	our	common	stock	and	its	performance	over	time,	variable	macroeconomic	conditionsimpacting	our	ability	to	forecast	future	taxable	income,	and	changes	in	business	that	may	affect	the	existence	and	magnitude	of	future	taxable	income.Our	valuation	allowance	assessment	is	based	on	our	best	estimate	of	future	results	considering	all	available	information.We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	ismore	likely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	tounrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.The	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	subjects	a	U.S.	shareholder	to	tax	on	global	intangible	low-taxed	income	(“GILTI”)	earned	by	certain	foreign	subsidiaries.Under	GAAP,	we	can	make	an	accounting	policy	election	to	either	treat	taxes	due	on	the	GILTI	inclusion	as	a	current	period	expense	or	factor	suchamounts	into	our	measurement	of	deferred	taxes.	We	elected	the	deferred	method,	under	which	we	recorded	the	corresponding	deferred	tax	assets	andliabilities	in	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.Comprehensive	IncomeComprehensive	income	is	comprised	of	net	income	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	consists	of	foreigncurrency	translation	adjustments	and	unrealized	net	gains	and	losses	on	investments	that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	income.Stock-Based	CompensationWe	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	granted	to	employees	and	for	our	ESPP	to	measure	the	cost	of	employeeservices	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock	option	awards	with	only	service	and/or	performance	conditions	isestimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	therisk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	require	significant	judgment.	The	fair	value	ofRSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	is	recognized	over	the	period	duringwhich	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period,	which	is	generally	four	years	for	stock	optionsand	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period.For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individualperformance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.60As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we	maycalculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-basedcompensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	Cost	of	revenues,	Research	anddevelopment	expense	and	Selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	InterestsNoncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	fundingarrangements,	or	funds,	that	we	have	entered	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determinedthat	the	contractual	provisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit-sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	methodology	forcalculating	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit-sharing	arrangements	is	abalance	sheet	approach	using	the	hypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrollinginterests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	onthe	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBVmethod,	the	amounts	reported	as	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	represent	theamounts	the	third	parties	would	hypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assetsof	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	their	recorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance	sheet	date	anddistributed	to	the	third	parties.	The	third	parties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrollinginterest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	aftertaking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	the	funds	and	the	third	parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	leastequal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	theconsolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third	parties	have	the	right	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.	For	certain	funds,	therehave	been	significant	fluctuations	in	net	(loss)	income	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	dueto	changes	in	the	liquidation	provisions	as	time-based	milestones	have	been	reached.Net	Income	per	Share	of	Common	Stock	Attributable	to	Common	StockholdersBasic	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	income	attributable	to	commonstockholders	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	outstanding	for	the	period.	Potentially	dilutive	shares,	which	are	based	on	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	underlying	outstanding	stock-based	awards,	warrants	and	convertible	senior	notes	using	the	treasury	stock	method	orthe	if-converted	method,	as	applicable,	are	included	when	calculating	diluted	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholderswhen	their	effect	is	dilutive.Furthermore,	in	connection	with	the	offerings	of	our	convertible	senior	notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	(see	Note	11,Debt).	However,	our	convertible	note	hedges	are	not	included	when	calculating	potentially	dilutive	shares	since	their	effect	is	always	anti-dilutive.	Thestrike	price	on	the	warrants	were	below	our	average	share	price	during	the	period	and	were	included	in	the	tables	below.	Warrants	are	included	in	theweighted-average	shares	used	in	computing	basic	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	in	the	period(s)	they	are	settled.The	following	table	presents	the	reconciliation	of	net	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders	to	net	income	used	in	computing	basic	anddiluted	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Net	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders$14,997	$12,556	$5,519	Less:	Buy-out	of	noncontrolling	interest(2)(27)(5)Net	income	used	in	computing	basic	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock14,999	12,583	5,524	Less:	Dilutive	convertible	debt—	(1)(9)Net	income	used	in	computing	diluted	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock$14,999	$12,584	$5,533	61The	following	table	presents	the	reconciliation	of	basic	to	diluted	weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	income	per	share	of	commonstock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock,basic3,1743,1302,959Add:Stock-based	awards298310292Convertible	senior	notes2329Warrants1132106Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	income	per	share	of	common	stock,diluted3,4853,4753,386The	following	table	presents	the	potentially	dilutive	shares	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	diluted	net	income	per	share	of	commonstock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	because	their	effect	was	anti-dilutive	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Stock-based	awards1241Business	CombinationsWe	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	Business	Combinations.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as	thefair	value	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	theacquisition	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	andnoncontrolling	interests	in	an	acquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	thetotal	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilitiesassumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gain	within	Other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	ofthe	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrollinginterests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquired	business	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.Cash	and	Cash	EquivalentsAll	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	cash	equivalents.	Our	cashequivalents	are	primarily	comprised	of	U.S.	government	securities,	money	market	funds	and	commercial	paper.Restricted	CashWe	maintain	certain	cash	balances	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Our	restricted	cash	is	comprised	primarily	of	cash	held	to	service	certainpayments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities.	In	addition,	restricted	cash	includes	cash	held	as	collateral	for	sales	to	lease	partners	with	a	resale	valueguarantee,	letters	of	credit,	real	estate	leases	and	deposits	held	for	our	insurance	services.	We	record	restricted	cash	as	other	assets	in	the	consolidatedbalance	sheets	and	determine	current	or	non-current	classification	based	on	the	expected	duration	of	the	restriction.62Our	total	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	as	presented	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows,	was	as	follows	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022December	31,2021Cash	and	cash	equivalents$16,398	$16,253	$17,576	Restricted	cash	included	in	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets543	294	345	Restricted	cash	included	in	other	non-current	assets248	377	223	Total	as	presented	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows$17,189	$16,924	$18,144	InvestmentsInvestments	may	be	comprised	of	a	combination	of	marketable	securities,	including	U.S.	government	securities,	corporate	debt	securities,commercial	paper,	time	deposits,	and	certain	certificates	of	deposit,	which	are	all	designated	as	available-for-sale	and	reported	at	estimated	fair	value,with	unrealized	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	which	is	included	within	stockholders’	equity.	Available-for-salemarketable	securities	with	maturities	greater	than	three	months	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	included	in	short-term	investments	in	our	consolidatedbalance	sheets.	Interest,	dividends,	amortization	and	accretion	of	purchase	premiums	and	discounts	on	these	investments	are	included	within	Interestincome	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations.The	cost	of	available-for-sale	investments	sold	is	based	on	the	specific	identification	method.	Realized	gains	and	losses	on	the	sale	of	available-for-sale	investments	are	recorded	in	Other	income	(expense),	net.We	regularly	review	all	of	our	investments	for	declines	in	fair	value.	The	review	includes	but	is	not	limited	to	(i)	the	consideration	of	the	cause	of	thedecline,	(ii)	any	currently	recorded	expected	credit	losses	and	(iii)	the	creditworthiness	of	the	respective	security	issuers.	The	amortized	cost	basis	of	ourinvestments	approximates	its	fair	value.Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful	AccountsAccounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financingproducts	to	our	customers,	sales	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers	andgovernment	rebates	already	passed	through	to	customers.	We	provide	an	allowance	against	accounts	receivable	for	the	amount	we	expect	to	beuncollectible.	We	write-off	accounts	receivable	against	the	allowance	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.Depending	on	the	day	of	the	week	on	which	the	end	of	a	fiscal	quarter	falls,	our	accounts	receivable	balance	may	fluctuate	as	we	are	waiting	forcertain	customer	payments	to	clear	through	our	banking	institutions	and	receipts	of	payments	from	our	financing	partners,	which	can	take	up	toapproximately	two	weeks	based	on	the	contractual	payment	terms	with	such	partners.	Our	accounts	receivable	balances	associated	with	our	sales	ofregulatory	credits	are	dependent	on	contractual	payment	terms.	Additionally,	government	rebates	can	take	up	to	a	year	or	more	to	be	collecteddepending	on	the	customary	processing	timelines	of	the	specific	jurisdictions	issuing	them.	These	various	factors	may	have	a	significant	impact	on	ouraccounts	receivable	balance	from	period	to	period.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	had	$207	million	and	$753	million,	respectively,	of	long-termgovernment	rebates	receivable	in	Other	non-current	assets	in	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.Financing	ReceivablesWe	provide	financing	options	to	our	customers	for	our	automotive	and	energy	products.	Financing	receivables	are	carried	at	amortized	cost,	net	ofallowance	for	loan	losses.	Provisions	for	loan	losses	are	charged	to	operations	in	amounts	sufficient	to	maintain	the	allowance	for	loan	losses	at	levelsconsidered	adequate	to	cover	expected	credit	losses	on	the	financing	receivables.	In	determining	expected	credit	losses,	we	consider	our	historical	levelof	credit	losses,	current	economic	trends,	and	reasonable	and	supportable	forecasts	that	affect	the	collectability	of	the	future	cash	flows.When	originating	consumer	receivables,	we	review	the	credit	application,	the	proposed	contract	terms,	credit	bureau	information	(e.g.,	FICO	score)and	other	information.	Our	evaluation	emphasizes	the	applicant’s	ability	to	pay	and	creditworthiness	focusing	on	payment,	affordability,	and	applicantcredit	history	as	key	considerations.	Generally,	all	customers	in	this	portfolio	have	strong	creditworthiness	at	loan	origination.63After	origination,	we	review	the	credit	quality	of	retail	financing	based	on	customer	payment	activity	and	aging	analysis.	For	all	financingreceivables,	we	define	“past	due”	as	any	payment,	including	principal	and	interest,	which	is	at	least	31	days	past	the	contractual	due	date.	As	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	the	vast	majority	of	our	financing	receivables	were	at	current	status	with	only	an	immaterial	balance	being	past	due.	As	ofDecember	31,	2023,	the	majority	of	our	financing	receivables,	excluding	MyPower	notes	receivable,	were	originated	in	2023	and	2022,	and	as	ofDecember	31,	2022,	the	majority	of	our	financing	receivables,	excluding	MyPower	notes	receivable,	were	originated	in	2022.We	have	customer	notes	receivable	under	the	legacy	MyPower	loan	program,	which	provided	residential	customers	with	the	option	to	finance	thepurchase	of	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	30-year	loan	and	were	all	originated	prior	to	year	2018.	The	outstanding	balances,	net	of	any	allowance	forexpected	credit	losses,	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	a	component	of	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	currentportion	and	as	Other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	the	total	outstanding	balance	of	MyPowercustomer	notes	receivable,	net	of	allowance	for	expected	credit	losses,	was	$266	million	and	$280	million,	respectively,	of	which	$5	million	and	$7	millionwere	due	in	the	next	12	months	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	the	allowance	for	expected	creditlosses	was	$36	million	and	$37	million,	respectively.Concentration	of	RiskCredit	RiskFinancial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	investments,	restricted	cash,accounts	receivable	and	other	finance	receivables.	Our	cash	and	investments	balances	are	primarily	on	deposit	at	high	credit	quality	financial	institutionsor	invested	in	money	market	funds.	These	deposits	are	typically	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	no	entity	represented10%	or	more	of	our	total	receivables	balance.Supply	RiskWe	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	including	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver	necessary	components	of	ourproducts	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these	components	from	thesesuppliers,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.Inventory	ValuationInventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	products,	whichapproximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	We	record	inventory	write-downs	for	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	aboutcurrent	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in	excess	of	our	future	demand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.This	requires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.Once	inventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	resultin	the	restoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	write-downs	may	be	required.	A	smallchange	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.Operating	Lease	VehiclesVehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	program	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles	at	cost	less	accumulateddepreciation.	We	generally	depreciate	their	cost,	less	residual	value,	using	the	straight-line-method	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	thecontractual	period.	The	gross	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022	was	$7.36	billion	and	$6.08	billion,	respectively.Operating	lease	vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	are	presented	net	of	accumulated	depreciation	of	$1.38	billion	and	$1.04	billion	as	ofDecember	31,	2023	and	2022,	respectively.64Digital	Assets,	NetWe	currently	account	for	all	digital	assets	held	as	indefinite-lived	intangible	assets	in	accordance	with	ASC	350,	Intangibles—Goodwill	and	Other.	Wehave	ownership	of	and	control	over	our	digital	assets	and	we	may	use	third-party	custodial	services	to	secure	it.	The	digital	assets	are	initially	recorded	atcost	and	are	subsequently	remeasured	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	at	cost,	net	of	any	impairment	losses	incurred	since	acquisition.We	determine	the	fair	value	of	our	digital	assets	on	a	nonrecurring	basis	in	accordance	with	ASC	820,	Fair	Value	Measurement	(“ASC	820”),	basedon	quoted	prices	on	the	active	exchange(s)	that	we	have	determined	is	the	principal	market	for	such	assets	(Level	I	inputs).	We	perform	an	analysis	eachquarter	to	identify	whether	events	or	changes	in	circumstances,	principally	decreases	in	the	quoted	prices	on	active	exchanges,	indicate	that	it	is	morelikely	than	not	that	our	digital	assets	are	impaired.	In	determining	if	an	impairment	has	occurred,	we	consider	the	lowest	market	price	of	one	unit	ofdigital	asset	quoted	on	the	active	exchange	since	acquiring	the	digital	asset.	When	the	then	current	carrying	value	of	a	digital	asset	exceeds	the	fairvalue	determined	each	quarter,	an	impairment	loss	has	occurred	with	respect	to	those	digital	assets	in	the	amount	equal	to	the	difference	between	theircarrying	values	and	the	prices	determined.Impairment	losses	are	recognized	within	Restructuring	and	other	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	in	the	period	in	which	the	impairmentis	identified.	Gains	are	not	recorded	until	realized	upon	sale(s),	at	which	point	they	are	presented	net	of	any	impairment	losses	for	the	same	digital	assetsheld	within	Restructuring	and	other.	In	determining	the	gain	to	be	recognized	upon	sale,	we	calculate	the	difference	between	the	sales	price	and	carryingvalue	of	the	digital	assets	sold	immediately	prior	to	sale.See	Note	3,	Digital	Assets,	Net,	for	further	information	regarding	digital	assets.Solar	Energy	Systems,	NetWe	are	the	lessor	of	solar	energy	systems.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:Solar	energy	systems	in	service30	to	35	yearsInitial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costsLease	term	(up	to	25	years)Solar	energy	systems	pending	interconnection	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	in	service	when	they	have	been	interconnected	andplaced	in-service.	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energysystems	in	service	when	they	are	completed,	interconnected	and	placed	in	service.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	agreementacquisition	costs	are	capitalized	and	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	agreements.Property,	Plant	and	Equipment,	NetProperty,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	isgenerally	computed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture3	to	15	yearsTooling4	to	7	yearsBuilding	and	building	improvements15	to	30	yearsComputer	equipment	and	software3	to	10	yearsLeasehold	improvements	are	depreciated	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	terms	of	the	related	leases.Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	associated	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	theconsolidated	balance	sheet,	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expendituresare	expensed	as	incurred	while	major	improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	an	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciatedratably	over	the	identified	useful	life.65Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction	inprogress	is	included	within	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.Long-Lived	Assets	Including	Acquired	Intangible	AssetsWe	review	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	solar	energy	systems,	long-term	prepayments	and	intangible	assets	for	impairment	whenever	eventsor	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	We	measure	recoverability	bycomparing	the	carrying	amount	to	the	future	undiscounted	cash	flows	that	the	asset	is	expected	to	generate.	If	the	asset	is	not	recoverable,	its	carryingamount	would	be	adjusted	down	to	its	fair	value.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	we	have	recognized	no	material	impairmentsof	our	long-lived	assets.Intangible	assets	with	definite	lives	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	which	range	from	seven	to	thirty	years.GoodwillWe	assess	goodwill	for	impairment	annually	in	the	fourth	quarter,	or	more	frequently	if	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	it	might	beimpaired,	by	comparing	its	carrying	value	to	the	reporting	unit’s	fair	value.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022,	and	2021,	we	did	notrecognize	any	impairment	of	goodwill.Capitalization	of	Software	CostsWe	capitalize	costs	incurred	in	the	development	of	internal	use	software,	during	the	application	development	stage	to	Property,	plant	andequipment,	net	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Costs	related	to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post-implementation	activities	are	expensed	asincurred.	Such	costs	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	life	of	three	to	five	years.Software	development	costs	incurred	in	development	of	software	to	be	sold,	leased,	or	otherwise	marketed,	incurred	subsequent	to	theestablishment	of	technological	feasibility	and	prior	to	the	general	availability	of	the	software	are	capitalized	when	they	are	expected	to	becomesignificant.	Such	costs	are	amortized	over	the	estimated	useful	life	of	the	applicable	software	once	it	is	made	generally	available	to	our	customers.We	evaluate	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annual	basis,	and	we	test	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	occurthat	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022,	and	2021,	we	have	recognized	no	impairments	ofcapitalized	software	costs.Foreign	CurrencyWe	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primarycurrency	in	which	they	operate.	In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	U.S.	dollar,	we	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment	created	bythe	different	rates	we	apply	to	current	period	income	or	loss	and	the	balance	sheet.	For	each	subsidiary,	we	apply	the	monthly	average	functionalexchange	rate	to	its	monthly	income	or	loss	and	the	month-end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	otherthan	the	functional	currency	of	the	respective	subsidiary.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	Other	income	(expense),	net,	in	the	consolidatedstatements	of	operations.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	we	recorded	a	net	foreign	currency	transaction	gain	of	$122	million,loss	of	$89	million	and	gain	of	$97	million,	respectively.66WarrantiesWe	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles	and	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	energy	generationand	storage	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	25	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	ourbest	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	if	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claimsincurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	and	changes	to	ourhistorical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	does	not	includeprojected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	operating	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	or	PPAs,as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12months	is	included	within	Accrued	liabilities	and	other,	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	Other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidatedbalance	sheets.	For	liabilities	that	we	are	entitled	to	receive	indemnification	from	our	suppliers,	we	record	receivables	for	the	contractually	obligatedamounts	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	a	component	of	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	Other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	Cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Due	to	the	magnitude	of	our	automotive	business,	our	accrued	warranty	balance	is	primarily	related	to	our	automotive	segment.	Accrued	warrantyactivity	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period$3,505	$2,101	$1,468	Warranty	costs	incurred(1,225)(803)(525)Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	warranties,	including	expirations	and	foreignexchange	impact539	522	102	Provision	for	warranty2,333	1,685	1,056	Accrued	warranty—end	of	period$5,152	$3,505	$2,101	Customer	DepositsCustomer	deposits	primarily	consist	of	refundable	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	or	reservation	for	a	vehicle	or	anenergy	product	and	any	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of	delivery	or	the	completion	of	installation.	Customer	deposits	also	include	prepayments	oncontracts	that	can	be	cancelled	without	significant	penalties,	such	as	vehicle	maintenance	plans.	Customer	deposits	are	included	in	Accrued	liabilities	andother	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	until	refunded,	forfeited	or	applied	towards	the	customer’s	purchase	balance.Government	Assistance	Programs	and	IncentivesGlobally,	the	operation	of	our	business	is	impacted	by	various	government	programs,	incentives,	and	other	arrangements.	Government	incentivesare	recorded	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	their	purpose	as	a	reduction	of	expense,	or	an	offset	to	the	related	capital	asset.The	benefit	is	generally	recorded	when	all	conditions	attached	to	the	incentive	have	been	met	or	are	expected	to	be	met	and	there	is	reasonableassurance	of	their	receipt.The	IRA	IncentivesOn	August	16,	2022,	the	IRA	was	enacted	into	law	and	is	effective	for	taxable	years	beginning	after	December	31,	2022.	The	IRA	includes	multipleincentives	to	promote	clean	energy,	electric	vehicles,	battery	and	energy	storage	manufacture	or	purchase,	in	addition	to	a	new	corporate	alternativeminimum	tax	of	15%	on	adjusted	financial	statement	income	of	corporations	with	profits	greater	than	$1	billion.	Some	of	these	measures	are	expected	tomaterially	affect	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023,	the	impact	from	our	IRA	incentive	was	primarily	areduction	of	our	material	costs	in	our	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	We	will	continue	to	evaluate	the	effects	of	the	IRA	as	more	guidance	is	issuedand	the	relevant	implications	to	our	consolidated	financial	statements.67Gigafactory	New	York—New	York	State	Investment	and	LeaseWe	have	a	lease	through	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	SUNY	Foundation	with	respect	to	Gigafactory	New	York.	Under	the	lease	and	a	relatedresearch	and	development	agreement,	we	are	continuing	to	designate	further	buildouts	at	the	facility.	We	are	required	to	comply	with	certain	covenants,including	hiring	and	cumulative	investment	targets.	Under	the	terms	of	the	arrangement,	the	SUNY	Foundation	paid	for	a	majority	of	the	constructioncosts	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	acquisition	and	commissioning	of	certain	manufacturing	equipment;	and	we	are	responsible	for	anyconstruction	or	equipment	costs	in	excess	of	such	amount	(refer	to	Note	15,	Commitments	and	Contingencies).	This	incentive	reduces	the	related	leasecosts	of	the	facility	within	the	Energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenues	and	operating	expense	line	items	in	our	consolidated	statements	ofoperations.Gigafactory	Shanghai—Land	Use	Rights	and	Economic	BenefitsWe	have	an	agreement	with	the	local	government	of	Shanghai	for	land	use	rights	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Under	the	terms	of	the	arrangement,	weare	required	to	meet	a	cumulative	capital	expenditure	target	and	an	annual	tax	revenue	target	starting	at	the	end	of	2023.	In	addition,	the	Shanghaigovernment	has	granted	to	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	subsidiary	certain	incentives	to	be	used	in	connection	with	eligible	capital	investments	atGigafactory	Shanghai	(refer	to	Note	15,	Commitments	and	Contingencies).	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	we	received	grant	funding	of	$76million.	These	incentives	offset	the	related	costs	of	our	facilities	and	are	recorded	as	a	reduction	of	the	cost	of	the	capital	investment	within	the	Property,plant	and	equipment,	net	line	item	in	our	consolidated	balance	sheets.	The	incentive	therefore	reduces	the	depreciation	expense	over	the	useful	lives	ofthe	related	equipment.Nevada	Tax	IncentivesIn	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Nevada,	we	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	thatprovide	abatements	for	specified	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates	and	transferable	tax	credits	of	up	to	$195	million	in	consideration	ofcapital	investment	and	hiring	targets	that	were	met	at	Gigafactory	Nevada.Gigafactory	Texas	Tax	IncentivesIn	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Texas,	we	entered	into	a	20-year	agreement	with	Travis	County	in	Texas	pursuant	to	which	wewould	receive	grant	funding	equal	to	70-80%	of	property	taxes	paid	by	us	to	Travis	County	and	a	separate	10-year	agreement	with	the	Del	ValleIndependent	School	District	in	Texas	pursuant	to	which	a	portion	of	the	taxable	value	of	our	property	would	be	capped	at	a	specified	amount,	in	each	casesubject	to	our	meeting	certain	minimum	economic	development	metrics	through	our	construction	and	operations	at	Gigafactory	Texas.	This	incentive	isrecorded	as	a	reduction	of	the	related	expenses	within	the	Cost	of	automotive	revenues	and	operating	expense	line	items	of	our	consolidated	statementsof	operations.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	the	grant	funding	related	to	property	taxes	paid	were	immaterial.Defined	Contribution	PlanWe	have	a	401(k)	savings	plan	in	the	U.S.	that	is	intended	to	qualify	as	a	deferred	salary	arrangement	under	Section	401(k)	of	the	Internal	RevenueCode	and	a	number	of	savings	plans	internationally.	Under	the	401(k)	savings	plan,	participating	employees	may	elect	to	contribute	up	to	90%	of	theireligible	compensation,	subject	to	certain	limitations.	Beginning	in	January	2022,	we	began	to	match	50%	of	each	employee’s	contributions	up	to	amaximum	of	6%	(capped	at	$3,000)	of	the	employee’s	eligible	compensation,	vested	upon	one	year	of	service.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,2023	and	2022,	we	recognized	$99	million	and	$91	million,	respectively,	of	expenses	related	to	employer	contributions	for	the	401(k)	savings	plan.68Recent	Accounting	PronouncementsRecently	issued	accounting	pronouncements	not	yet	adoptedIn	November	2023,	the	Financial	Accounting	Standards	Board	(“FASB”)	issued	ASU	No.	2023-07,	Improvements	to	Reportable	Segment	Disclosures(Topic	280).	This	ASU	updates	reportable	segment	disclosure	requirements	by	requiring	disclosures	of	significant	reportable	segment	expenses	that	areregularly	provided	to	the	Chief	Operating	Decision	Maker	(“CODM”)	and	included	within	each	reported	measure	of	a	segment's	profit	or	loss.	This	ASU	alsorequires	disclosure	of	the	title	and	position	of	the	individual	identified	as	the	CODM	and	an	explanation	of	how	the	CODM	uses	the	reported	measures	of	asegment’s	profit	or	loss	in	assessing	segment	performance	and	deciding	how	to	allocate	resources.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	annual	periods	beginning	afterDecember	15,	2023,	and	interim	periods	within	fiscal	years	beginning	after	December	15,	2024.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	should	be	applied	retrospectively	toall	prior	periods	presented	in	the	financial	statements.	Early	adoption	is	also	permitted.	This	ASU	will	likely	result	in	us	including	the	additional	requireddisclosures	when	adopted.	We	are	currently	evaluating	the	provisions	of	this	ASU	and	expect	to	adopt	them	for	the	year	ending	December	31,	2024.In	December	2023,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2023-08,	Accounting	for	and	Disclosure	of	Crypto	Assets	(Subtopic	350-60).	This	ASU	requires	certaincrypto	assets	to	be	measured	at	fair	value	separately	in	the	balance	sheet	and	income	statement	each	reporting	period.	This	ASU	also	enhances	the	otherintangible	asset	disclosure	requirements	by	requiring	the	name,	cost	basis,	fair	value,	and	number	of	units	for	each	significant	crypto	holding.	The	ASU	iseffective	for	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2024,	including	interim	periods	within	those	fiscal	years.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	requires	acumulative-effect	adjustment	to	the	opening	balance	of	retained	earnings	as	of	the	beginning	of	the	annual	reporting	period	in	which	an	entity	adopts	theamendments.	Early	adoption	is	also	permitted,	including	adoption	in	an	interim	period.	However,	if	the	ASU	is	early	adopted	in	an	interim	period,	an	entitymust	adopt	the	ASU	as	of	the	beginning	of	the	fiscal	year	that	includes	the	interim	period.	This	ASU	will	result	in	gains	and	losses	recorded	in	theconsolidated	financial	statements	of	operations	and	additional	disclosures	when	adopted.	We	are	currently	evaluating	the	adoption	of	this	ASU	and	it	willaffect	the	carrying	value	of	our	crypto	assets	held	and	the	gains	and	losses	relating	thereto,	once	adopted.In	December	2023,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2023-09,	Improvements	to	Income	Tax	Disclosures	(Topic	740).	The	ASU	requires	disaggregatedinformation	about	a	reporting	entity’s	effective	tax	rate	reconciliation	as	well	as	additional	information	on	income	taxes	paid.	The	ASU	is	effective	on	aprospective	basis	for	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2024.	Early	adoption	is	also	permitted	for	annual	financial	statements	that	have	notyet	been	issued	or	made	available	for	issuance.	This	ASU	will	result	in	the	required	additional	disclosures	being	included	in	our	consolidated	financialstatements,	once	adopted.Recently	adopted	accounting	pronouncementsIn	October	2021,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2021-08,	Accounting	for	Contract	Assets	and	Contract	Liabilities	from	Contracts	with	Customers	(Topic805).	This	ASU	requires	an	acquirer	in	a	business	combination	to	recognize	and	measure	contract	assets	and	contract	liabilities	(deferred	revenue)	fromacquired	contracts	using	the	revenue	recognition	guidance	in	Topic	606.	At	the	acquisition	date,	the	acquirer	applies	the	revenue	model	as	if	it	hadoriginated	the	acquired	contracts.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	annual	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2022,	including	interim	periods	within	those	fiscalyears.	We	adopted	this	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2023.	This	ASU	has	not	and	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	ourconsolidated	financial	statements.In	March	2022,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	2022-02,	Troubled	Debt	Restructurings	and	Vintage	Disclosures.	This	ASU	eliminates	the	accounting	guidancefor	troubled	debt	restructurings	by	creditors	that	have	adopted	ASU	2016-13,	Measurement	of	Credit	Losses	on	Financial	Instruments,	which	we	adoptedon	January	1,	2020.	This	ASU	also	enhances	the	disclosure	requirements	for	certain	loan	refinancing	and	restructurings	by	creditors	when	a	borrower	isexperiencing	financial	difficulty.	In	addition,	the	ASU	amends	the	guidance	on	vintage	disclosures	to	require	entities	to	disclose	current	period	gross	write-offs	by	year	of	origination	for	financing	receivables	and	net	investments	in	leases	within	the	scope	of	ASC	326-20.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	annual	periodsbeginning	after	December	15,	2022,	including	interim	periods	within	those	fiscal	years.	We	adopted	the	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2023.	This	ASUhas	not	and	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.69ASU	2020-06In	August	2020,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	2020-06,	Accounting	for	Convertible	Instruments	and	Contracts	in	an	Entity’s	Own	Equity.	The	ASU	simplifiesthe	accounting	for	convertible	instruments	by	removing	certain	separation	models	in	ASC	470-20,	Debt—Debt	with	Conversion	and	Other	Options,	forconvertible	instruments.	The	ASU	updates	the	guidance	on	certain	embedded	conversion	features	that	are	not	required	to	be	accounted	for	as	derivativesunder	Topic	815,	Derivatives	and	Hedging,	or	that	do	not	result	in	substantial	premiums	accounted	for	as	paid-in	capital,	such	that	those	features	are	nolonger	required	to	be	separated	from	the	host	contract.	The	convertible	debt	instruments	will	be	accounted	for	as	a	single	liability	measured	at	amortizedcost.	This	will	also	result	in	the	interest	expense	recognized	for	convertible	debt	instruments	to	be	typically	closer	to	the	coupon	interest	rate	whenapplying	the	guidance	in	Topic	835,	Interest.	Further,	the	ASU	made	amendments	to	the	EPS	guidance	in	Topic	260	for	convertible	debt	instruments,	themost	significant	impact	of	which	is	requiring	the	use	of	the	if-converted	method	for	diluted	EPS	calculation,	and	no	longer	allowing	the	net	sharesettlement	method.	The	ASU	also	made	revisions	to	Topic	815-40,	which	provides	guidance	on	how	an	entity	must	determine	whether	a	contract	qualifiesfor	a	scope	exception	from	derivative	accounting.	The	amendments	to	Topic	815-40	change	the	scope	of	contracts	that	are	recognized	as	assets	orliabilities.On	January	1,	2021,	we	adopted	the	ASU	using	the	modified	retrospective	method.	We	recognized	a	favorable	$211	million	cumulative	effect	ofinitially	applying	the	ASU	as	an	adjustment	to	the	January	1,	2021	opening	balance	of	accumulated	deficit.	Due	to	the	recombination	of	the	equityconversion	component	of	our	convertible	debt	remaining	outstanding,	additional	paid	in	capital	was	reduced	by	$474	million	and	convertible	senior	notes(mezzanine	equity)	was	reduced	by	$51	million.	The	removal	of	the	remaining	debt	discounts	recorded	for	this	previous	separation	had	the	effect	ofincreasing	our	net	debt	balance	by	$269	million	and	we	reduced	property,	plant	and	equipment	by	$45	million	related	to	previously	capitalized	interest.The	prior	period	consolidated	financial	statements	have	not	been	retrospectively	adjusted	and	continue	to	be	reported	under	the	accounting	standards	ineffect	for	those	periods.Note	3	–	Digital	Assets,	NetDuring	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	purchased	and/or	received	immaterial	amounts	of	digital	assets.	During	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2023,	we	recorded	an	immaterial	amount	of	impairment	losses	on	digital	assets.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2022,	we	recorded$204	million	of	impairment	losses	on	digital	assets	and	realized	gains	of	$64	million	in	connection	with	converting	our	holdings	of	digital	assets	into	fiatcurrency.	The	gains	are	presented	net	of	impairment	losses	in	Restructuring	and	other	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	As	of	December	31,2023	and	2022,	the	carrying	value	of	our	digital	assets	held	reflects	cumulative	impairment	of	$204	million.Note	4	–	Goodwill	and	Intangible	AssetsGoodwill	increased	$59	million	within	the	automotive	segment	from	$194	million	as	of	December	31,	2022	to	$253	million	as	of	December	31,	2023primarily	from	a	business	combination,	net	of	the	impact	of	a	divestiture.	There	were	no	accumulated	impairment	losses	as	of	December	31,	2023	and2022.The	net	carrying	value	of	our	intangible	assets	decreased	from	$215	million	as	of	December	31,	2022	to	$178	million	as	of	December	31,	2023mainly	from	amortization.Note	5	–	Fair	Value	of	Financial	InstrumentsASC	820,	Fair	Value	Measurements	(“ASC	820”)	states	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	anasset	or	paid	to	transfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,	fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	shouldbe	determined	based	on	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability.	The	three-tiered	fair	value	hierarchy,	whichprioritizes	which	inputs	should	be	used	in	measuring	fair	value,	is	comprised	of:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as	quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(LevelII)	inputs	other	than	quoted	prices	in	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly	and	(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	for	which	there	islittle	or	no	market	data.	The	fair	value	hierarchy	requires	the	use	of	observable	market	data	when	available	in	determining	fair	value.	Our	assets	andliabilities	that	were	measured	at	fair	value	on	a	recurring	basis	were	as	follows	(in	millions):70	December	31,	2023December	31,	2022	Fair	ValueLevel	ILevel	IILevel	IIIFair	ValueLevel	ILevel	IILevel	IIIMoney	market	funds$109	$109	$—	$—	$2,188	$2,188	$—	$—	U.S.	government	securities5,136	—	5,136	—	894	—	894	—	Corporate	debt	securities480	—	480	—	885	—	885	—	Certificates	of	deposit	and	timedeposits6,996	—	6,996	—	4,253	—	4,253	—	Commercial	paper470	—	470	—	—	—	—	—	Total$13,191	$109	$13,082	$—	$8,220	$2,188	$6,032	$—	All	of	our	money	market	funds	were	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	quoted	prices	in	activemarkets.	Our	U.S.	government	securities,	certificates	of	deposit,	commercial	paper,	time	deposits	and	corporate	debt	securities	are	classified	within	LevelII	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	and	the	market	approach	was	used	to	determine	fair	value	of	these	investments.Our	cash,	cash	equivalents	and	investments	classified	by	security	type	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):	December	31,	2023	Adjusted	CostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFair	ValueCash	and	CashEquivalentsShort-TermInvestmentsCash$15,903	$—	$—	$15,903	$15,903	$—	Money	market	funds109	—	—	109	109	—	U.S.	government	securities5,136	1	(1)5,136	277	4,859	Corporate	debt	securities485	1	(6)480	—	480	Certificates	of	deposit	and	time	deposits6,995	1	—	6,996	—	6,996	Commercial	paper470	—	—	470	109	361	Total	cash,	cash	equivalents	and	short-terminvestments$29,098	$3	$(7)$29,094	$16,398	$12,696		December	31,	2022	Adjusted	CostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFair	ValueCash	and	CashEquivalentsShort-TermInvestmentsCash$13,965	$—	$—	$13,965	$13,965	$—	Money	market	funds2,188	—	—	2,188	2,188	—	U.S.	government	securities897	—	(3)894	—	894	Corporate	debt	securities907	—	(22)885	—	885	Certificates	of	deposit	and	time	deposits4,252	1	—	4,253	100	4,153	Total	cash,	cash	equivalents	and	short-terminvestments$22,209	$1	$(25)$22,185	$16,253	$5,932	We	record	gross	realized	gains,	losses	and	credit	losses	as	a	component	of	Other	income	(expense),	net	in	the	consolidated	statements	ofoperations.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	did	not	recognize	any	material	gross	realized	gains,	losses	or	credit	losses.	The	endingallowance	balances	for	credit	losses	were	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022.	We	have	determined	that	the	gross	unrealized	losses	on	ourinvestments	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022	were	temporary	in	nature.71The	following	table	summarizes	the	fair	value	of	our	investments	by	stated	contractual	maturities	as	of	December	31,	2023	(in	millions):Due	in	1	year	or	less$12,374	Due	in	1	year	through	5	years297	Due	in	5	years	through	10	years25	Total$12,696	Disclosure	of	Fair	ValuesOur	financial	instruments	that	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	financing	receivables,	other	receivables,	digital	assets,accounts	payable,	accrued	liabilities,	customer	deposits	and	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial	instruments	materially	approximate	their	fairvalues,	other	than	our	2.00%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2024	(“2024	Notes”)	and	digital	assets.We	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	2024	Notes	using	commonly	accepted	valuation	methodologies	and	market-based	risk	measurements	that	areindirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk	(Level	II).	In	addition,	we	estimate	the	fair	values	of	our	digital	assets	based	on	quoted	prices	in	active	markets(Level	I).	The	following	table	presents	the	estimated	fair	values	and	the	carrying	values	(in	millions):	December	31,	2023December	31,	2022	Carrying	ValueFair	ValueCarrying	ValueFair	Value2024	Notes$37	$443	$37	$223	Digital	assets,	net$184	$487	$184	$191	Note	6	–	InventoryOur	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):	December	31,2023December	31,2022Raw	materials$5,390	$6,137	Work	in	process2,016	2,385	Finished	goods	(1)5,049	3,475	Service	parts1,171	842	Total$13,626	$12,839	(1)Finished	goods	inventory	includes	products	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	sale,	used	vehicles	and	energy	productsavailable	for	sale.We	write-down	inventory	for	any	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	thecarrying	value.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$233	million,	$144	million	and	$106	million,respectively,	in	Cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.72Note	7	–	Solar	Energy	Systems,	NetOur	solar	energy	systems,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Solar	energy	systems	in	service$6,755	$6,785	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition	costs104	104	6,859	6,889	Less:	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization	(1)(1,643)(1,418)5,216	5,471	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction1	2	Solar	energy	systems	pending	interconnection12	16	Solar	energy	systems,	net	(2)$5,229	$5,489	(1)Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	was	$235	million,	$235	million	and	$236million,	respectively.(2)As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	there	were	$740	million	and	$802	million,	respectively,	of	gross	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	pass-throughfund	arrangements	with	accumulated	depreciation	of	$157	million	and	$148	million,	respectively.Note	8	–	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment,	NetOur	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture$16,372	$13,558	Tooling3,147	2,579	Leasehold	improvements3,168	2,366	Land	and	buildings9,505	7,751	Computer	equipment,	hardware	and	software3,799	2,072	Construction	in	progress5,791	4,263		41,782	32,589	Less:	Accumulated	depreciation(12,057)(9,041)Total$29,725	$23,548	Construction	in	progress	is	primarily	comprised	of	ongoing	construction	and	expansion	of	our	facilities,	and	equipment	and	tooling	related	to	themanufacturing	of	our	products.	Completed	assets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	classes	and	depreciation	begins	when	an	asset	is	ready	for	itsintended	use.Depreciation	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	was	$3.33	billion,	$2.42	billion	and	$1.91	billion,	respectively.Panasonic	has	partnered	with	us	on	Gigafactory	Nevada	with	investments	in	the	production	equipment	that	it	uses	to	manufacture	and	supply	uswith	battery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	at	negotiated	prices.	Asthe	terms	of	the	arrangement	convey	a	finance	lease	under	ASC	842,	we	account	for	their	production	equipment	as	leased	assets	when	productioncommences.	We	account	for	each	lease	and	any	non-lease	components	associated	with	that	lease	as	a	single	lease	component	for	all	asset	classes,except	production	equipment	classes	embedded	in	supply	agreements.	This	results	in	us	recording	the	cost	of	their	production	equipment	within	Property,plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	debt	and	finance	leases.	Depreciation	onPanasonic	production	equipment	is	computed	using	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimatedproductive	life	of	the	respective	assets.	As	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	had	cumulatively	capitalized	gross	costs	of	$2.02	billion	and	$2.01	billion,respectively,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	in	relation	to	the	production	equipment	under	our	Panasonic	arrangement.73Note	9	–	Accrued	Liabilities	and	OtherOur	accrued	liabilities	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Accrued	purchases	(1)$2,721	$2,747	Accrued	warranty	reserve,	current	portion1,546	1,025	Payroll	and	related	costs1,325	1,026	Taxes	payable	(2)1,204	1,235	Customer	deposits876	1,063	Operating	lease	liabilities,	current	portion672	485	Sales	return	reserve,	current	portion219	270	Other	current	liabilities517	354	Total$9,080	$8,205	(1)Accrued	purchases	primarily	reflects	receipts	of	goods	and	services	for	which	we	had	not	yet	been	invoiced.	As	we	are	invoiced	for	these	goods	andservices,	this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.(2)Taxes	payable	includes	value	added	tax,	income	tax,	sales	tax,	property	tax	and	use	tax	payables.Note	10	–	Other	Long-Term	LiabilitiesOur	other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Operating	lease	liabilities$3,671	$2,164	Accrued	warranty	reserve3,606	2,480	Other	non-current	liabilities876	686	Total	other	long-term	liabilities$8,153	$5,330	Note	11	–	DebtThe	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	and	finance	leases	as	of	December	31,	2023	(in	millions):	Net	Carrying	ValueUnpaidPrincipalBalanceUnusedCommittedAmount	(1)ContractualInterest	RatesContractualMaturity	Date	CurrentLong-TermRecourse	debt:			2024	Notes$37	$—	$37	$—	2.00	%May	2024RCF	Credit	Agreement—	—	—	5,000	Not	applicableJanuary	2028Solar	Bonds—	7	7	—	4.70-5.75%March	2025	-	January	2031Other—	—	—	28	Not	applicableDecember	2026Total	recourse	debt37	7	44	5,028	Non-recourse	debt:Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes1,906	2,337	4,259	—	0.60-6.57%July	2024-May	2031Solar	Asset-backed	Notes4	8	13	—	4.80	%December	2026Cash	Equity	Debt28	330	367	—	5.25-5.81%July	2033-January	2035Total	non-recourse	debt1,938	2,675	4,639	—	Total	debt1,975	2,682	$4,683	$5,028	Finance	leases398	175	Total	debt	and	finance	leases$2,373	$2,857	74The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	and	finance	leases	as	of	December	31,	2022	(in	millions):Net	Carrying	ValueUnpaidPrincipalBalanceUnusedCommittedAmount	(2)ContractualInterest	RatesContractualMaturity	DateCurrentLong-TermRecourse	debt:			2024	Notes$—	$37	$37	$—	2.00	%May	2024Credit	Agreement—	—	—	2,266	Not	applicableJuly	2023Solar	Bonds—	7	7	—	4.70-5.75%March	2025	-	January	2031Total	recourse	debt—	44	44	2,266	Non-recourse	debt:Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes984	613	1,603	—	0.36-4.64%December	2023-September	2025Solar	Asset-backed	Notes4	13	17	—	4.80	%December	2026Cash	Equity	Debt28	359	397	—	5.25-5.81%July	2033-January	2035Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	Facilities—	—	—	151	Not	applicableSeptember	2024Total	non-recourse	debt1,016	985	2,017	151	Total	debt1,016	1,029	$2,061	$2,417	Finance	leases486	568	Total	debt	and	finance	leases$1,502	$1,597	(1)There	are	no	restrictions	on	draw-down	or	use	for	general	corporate	purposes	with	respect	to	any	available	committed	funds	under	our	RCF	CreditAgreement,	except	certain	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down.	Refer	to	the	section	below	for	the	terms	of	the	facility.(2)There	were	no	restrictions	on	draw-down	or	use	for	general	corporate	purposes	with	respect	to	any	available	committed	funds	under	our	creditfacilities,	except	certain	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down,	including	pledging	to	our	lenders	sufficient	amounts	of	qualified	receivables,inventories,	leased	vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases	or	various	other	assets	as	described	below.Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	our	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	assets	of	oursubsidiaries.	The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal	balances	and	the	net	carrying	values	are	due	to	debt	discounts	or	deferred	issuance	costs.	Asof	December	31,	2023,	we	were	in	material	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants.2024	NotesThe	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	continued	to	exceed	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	our	2024	Notes	on	at	least	20	of	the	last	30consecutive	trading	days	of	each	quarter	in	2023,	causing	the	2024	Notes	to	be	convertible	by	their	holders	in	the	subsequent	quarter.	As	of	December31,	2023,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	notes	exceeds	the	outstanding	principal	amount	by	$406	million.	Upon	conversion,	the	2024	Notes	will	be	settledin	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	our	election.Credit	AgreementIn	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(as	amended	from	time	to	time,	the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	asyndicate	of	banks.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus0.50%,	(ii)	the	lenders’	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%	per	annum.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	secured	by	certainof	our	accounts	receivable,	inventory	and	equipment.	Availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced	by	certainreserves.In	January	2023,	we	entered	into	a	5-year	senior	unsecured	revolving	credit	facility	(the	“RCF	Credit	Agreement”)	with	a	syndicate	of	banks	toreplace	the	existing	Credit	Agreement,	which	was	terminated.	The	RCF	Credit	Agreement	contains	two	optional	one-year	extensions	and	has	a	totalcommitment	of	up	to	$5.00	billion,	which	could	be	increased	up	to	$7.00	billion	under	certain	circumstances.	The	underlying	borrowings	may	be	used	forgeneral	corporate	purposes.	Borrowed	funds	accrue	interest	at	a	variable	rate	equal	to:	(i)	for	dollar-denominated	loans,	at	our	election,	(a)	Term	SOFR(the	forward-looking	secured	overnight	financing	rate)	plus	0.10%,	or	(b)	an	alternate	base	rate;	(ii)	for	loans	denominated	in	pounds	sterling,	SONIA	(thesterling	overnight	index	average	reference	rate);	or	(iii)	for	loans	denominated	in	euros,	an	adjusted	EURIBOR	(euro	interbank	offered	rate);	in	each	case,plus	an	applicable	margin.	The	applicable	margin	will	be	based	on	the	rating	assigned	to	our	senior,	unsecured	long-term	indebtedness	(the	“CreditRating”)	from	time	to	time.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	variable	based	on	the	Credit	Rating	and	is	currently	0.125%	per	annum.75Automotive	Asset-backed	NotesFrom	time	to	time,	we	transfer	receivables	and/or	beneficial	interests	related	to	certain	vehicles	(either	leased	or	financed)	into	special	purposeentities	(“SPEs”)	and	issue	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	backed	by	these	automotive	assets	to	investors.	The	SPEs	are	consolidated	in	the	financialstatements.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	automotive	assets	are	used	to	service	the	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPEs’	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	the	owners	of	the	SPEs.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	theassociated	customer	lease	or	financing	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPEs’	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	toour	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPEs,	including	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.In	2023,	we	transferred	beneficial	interests	related	to	certain	leased	vehicles	and	financing	receivables	into	SPEs	and	issued	$3.93	billion	inaggregate	principal	amount	of	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	with	terms	similar	to	our	other	previously	issued	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes.	Theproceeds	from	the	issuance,	net	of	debt	issuance	costs,	were	$3.92	billion.Cash	Equity	DebtIn	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	deals	closed	in	2016,	our	subsidiaries	issued	$502	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	thatbears	interest	at	fixed	rates.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	FacilitiesIn	the	third	quarter	of	2023,	we	terminated	our	Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	Facilities	and	the	previously	committed	funds	are	no	longeravailable	for	future	borrowings.Pledged	AssetsAs	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	had	pledged	or	restricted	$4.64	billion	and	$2.02	billion	of	our	assets	(consisting	principally	of	operatinglease	vehicles,	financing	receivables,	restricted	cash,	and	equity	interests	in	certain	SPEs)	as	collateral	for	our	outstanding	debt.Schedule	of	Principal	Maturities	of	DebtThe	future	scheduled	principal	maturities	of	debt	as	of	December	31,	2023	were	as	follows	(in	millions):Recourse	debtNon-recourse	debtTotal2024$37	$1,941	$1,978	20254	1,663	1,667	2026—	494	494	2027—	276	276	2028—	44	44	Thereafter3	221	224	Total$44	$4,639	$4,683	Note	12	–	LeasesWe	have	entered	into	various	operating	and	finance	lease	agreements	for	certain	of	our	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,	retail	andservice	locations,	data	centers,	equipment,	vehicles,	and	solar	energy	systems,	worldwide.	We	determine	if	an	arrangement	is	a	lease,	or	contains	alease,	at	inception	and	record	the	leases	in	our	financial	statements	upon	lease	commencement,	which	is	the	date	when	the	underlying	asset	is	madeavailable	for	use	by	the	lessor.We	have	lease	agreements	with	lease	and	non-lease	components,	and	have	elected	to	utilize	the	practical	expedient	to	account	for	lease	and	non-lease	components	together	as	a	single	combined	lease	component,	from	both	a	lessee	and	lessor	perspective	with	the	exception	of	direct	sales-typeleases	and	production	equipment	classes	embedded	in	supply	agreements.	From	a	lessor	perspective,	the	timing	and	pattern	of	transfer	are	the	same	forthe	non-lease	components	and	associated	lease	component	and,	the	lease	component,	if	accounted	for	separately,	would	be	classified	as	an	operatinglease.76We	have	elected	not	to	present	short-term	leases	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	these	leases	have	a	lease	term	of	12	months	or	less	at	leaseinception	and	do	not	contain	purchase	options	or	renewal	terms	that	we	are	reasonably	certain	to	exercise.	All	other	lease	assets	and	lease	liabilities	arerecognized	based	on	the	present	value	of	lease	payments	over	the	lease	term	at	commencement	date.	Because	most	of	our	leases	do	not	provide	animplicit	rate	of	return,	we	used	our	incremental	borrowing	rate	based	on	the	information	available	at	lease	commencement	date	in	determining	thepresent	value	of	lease	payments.Our	leases,	where	we	are	the	lessee,	often	include	options	to	extend	the	lease	term	for	up	to	10	years.	Some	of	our	leases	also	include	options	toterminate	the	lease	prior	to	the	end	of	the	agreed	upon	lease	term.	For	purposes	of	calculating	lease	liabilities,	lease	terms	include	options	to	extend	orterminate	the	lease	when	it	is	reasonably	certain	that	we	will	exercise	such	options.Lease	expense	for	operating	leases	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	term	as	cost	of	revenues	or	operating	expenses	dependingon	the	nature	of	the	leased	asset.	Certain	operating	leases	provide	for	annual	increases	to	lease	payments	based	on	an	index	or	rate.	We	calculate	thepresent	value	of	future	lease	payments	based	on	the	index	or	rate	at	the	lease	commencement	date	for	new	leases.	Differences	between	the	calculatedlease	payment	and	actual	payment	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amortization	of	finance	lease	assets	is	recognized	over	the	lease	term	as	cost	of	revenuesor	operating	expenses	depending	on	the	nature	of	the	leased	asset.	Interest	expense	on	finance	lease	liabilities	is	recognized	over	the	lease	term	withinInterest	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.The	balances	for	the	operating	and	finance	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	are	presented	as	follows	(in	millions)	within	our	consolidated	balancesheets:December	31,	2023December	31,	2022Operating	leases:		Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets$4,180	$2,563		Accrued	liabilities	and	other$672	$485	Other	long-term	liabilities3,671	2,164	Total	operating	lease	liabilities$4,343	$2,649		Finance	leases:		Solar	energy	systems,	net$23	$25	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net601	1,094	Total	finance	lease	assets$624	$1,119		Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	finance	leases$398	$486	Long-term	debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion175	568	Total	finance	lease	liabilities$573	$1,054	77The	components	of	lease	expense	are	as	follows	(in	millions)	within	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations:Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Operating	lease	expense:			Operating	lease	expense	(1)$1,153	$798	$627		Finance	lease	expense:Amortization	of	leased	assets$506	$493	$415	Interest	on	lease	liabilities45	72	89	Total	finance	lease	expense$551	$565	$504		Total	lease	expense$1,704	$1,363	$1,131	(1)Includes	short-term	leases	and	variable	lease	costs,	which	are	immaterial.Other	information	related	to	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	is	as	follows:December	31,	2023December	31,	2022Weighted-average	remaining	lease	term:Operating	leases7.4	years6.4	yearsFinance	leases2.3	years3.1	years	Weighted-average	discount	rate:Operating	leases5.6	%5.3	%Finance	leases5.5	%5.7	%Supplemental	cash	flow	information	related	to	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	is	as	follows	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Cash	paid	for	amounts	included	in	the	measurement	of	lease	liabilities:Operating	cash	outflows	from	operating	leases$1,084	$754	$616	Operating	cash	outflows	from	finance	leases	(interest	payments)$47	$75	$89	Leased	assets	obtained	in	exchange	for	finance	lease	liabilities$10	$58	$486	Leased	assets	obtained	in	exchange	for	operating	lease	liabilities$2,170	$1,059	$818	78As	of	December	31,	2023,	the	maturities	of	our	operating	and	finance	lease	liabilities	(excluding	short-term	leases)	are	as	follows	(in	millions):	OperatingLeasesFinanceLeases2024$892	$418	2025831	81	2026706	57	2027603	38	2028508	2	Thereafter1,820	4	Total	minimum	lease	payments5,360	600	Less:	Interest1,017	27	Present	value	of	lease	obligations4,343	573	Less:	Current	portion672	398	Long-term	portion	of	lease	obligations$3,671	$175	As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	have	excluded	from	the	table	above	additional	operating	leases	that	have	not	yet	commenced	with	aggregate	rentpayments	of	$1.53	billion.	These	operating	leases	will	commence	between	fiscal	year	2024	and	2025	with	lease	terms	of	2	years	to	20	years.Operating	Lease	and	Sales-type	Lease	ReceivablesWe	are	the	lessor	of	certain	vehicle	and	solar	energy	system	arrangements	as	described	in	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies.	As	ofDecember	31,	2023,	maturities	of	our	operating	lease	and	sales-type	lease	receivables	from	customers	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	wereas	follows	(in	millions):OperatingLeasesSales-typeLeases2024$1,405	$227	2025960	214	2026461	210	2027227	102	2028197	25	Thereafter1,492	2	Gross	lease	receivables$4,742	$780	The	above	table	does	not	include	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	as	the	cash	payments	were	receivedupfront.	For	our	solar	PPA	arrangements,	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power	produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	apredefined	rate	per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	are	not	included	in	the	above	table	as	they	are	afunction	of	the	power	generated	by	the	related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.79Net	Investment	in	Sales-type	LeasesNet	investment	in	sales-type	leases,	which	is	the	sum	of	the	present	value	of	the	future	contractual	lease	payments,	is	presented	on	theconsolidated	balance	sheets	as	a	component	of	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	Other	non-current	assets	for	thelong-term	portion.	Lease	receivables	relating	to	sales-type	leases	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	as	follows	(in	millions):December	31,	2023December	31,	2022Gross	lease	receivables$780	$837	Unearned	interest	income(78)(95)Allowance	for	expected	credit	losses(6)(4)Net	investment	in	sales-type	leases$696	$738		Reported	as:Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets$189	$164	Other	non-current	assets507	574	Net	investment	in	sales-type	leases$696	$738	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	ObligationAs	of	December	31,	2023,	we	have	five	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements.”	Under	these	arrangements,	our	whollyowned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems	with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as	master	leases	for	an	initialterm	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	PPAs	with	customers	with	an	initial	term	not	exceeding	25years.Under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement,	the	investor	makes	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	one	of	our	subsidiaries,	and	insome	cases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	the	future	minimum	master	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	investors,	foreach	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter,	were	as	follows	(in	millions):2024$18	202527	202628	202729	202829	Thereafter337	Total$468	Note	13	–	Equity	Incentive	PlansIn	June	2019,	we	adopted	the	2019	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“2019	Plan”).	The	2019	Plan	provides	for	the	grant	of	stock	options,	restricted	stock,RSUs,	stock	appreciation	rights,	performance	units	and	performance	shares	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Stock	options	granted	under	the2019	Plan	may	be	either	incentive	stock	options	or	nonstatutory	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	only	be	granted	to	our	employees.Nonstatutory	stock	options	may	be	granted	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	andour	stock	options	are	exercisable	over	a	maximum	period	of	10	years	from	their	grant	dates.	Vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	orconsulting	relationship	ends.As	of	December	31,	2023,	131.1	million	shares	were	reserved	and	available	for	issuance	under	the	2019	Plan.80The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock	option	and	RSU	activity	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023:Stock	OptionsRSUsNumber	ofOptions(in	thousands)Weighted-AverageExercisePriceWeighted-AverageRemainingContractualLife	(years)AggregateIntrinsicValue(in	billions)Numberof	RSUs(in	thousands)Weighted-AverageGrantDate	FairValueBeginning	of	period343,564$30.65	21,333$162.32	Granted9,521$226.50	11,743$228.33	Exercised	or	released(7,626)$43.07	(11,085)$116.47	Cancelled(1,438)$194.23	(2,903)$192.22	End	of	period344,021$35.11	4.31$73.57	19,088$225.01	Vested	and	expected	to	vest,	December	31,	2023340,884$33.38	4.27$73.45	18,446$225.76	Exercisable	and	vested,	December	31,	2023329,124$27.07	4.11$72.90	The	weighted-average	grant	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	granted	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	was	$228.33,	$239.85	and$261.33,	respectively.	The	aggregate	release	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	was	$2.50	billion,	$4.32billion	and	$5.70	billion,	respectively.The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022,	and	2021	was	$1.33	billion,	$1.90	billion	and$26.88	billion,	respectively.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021,	our	CEO	exercised	all	of	the	remaining	vested	options	from	the	2012	CEOPerformance	Award,	which	amounted	to	an	intrinsic	value	of	$23.45	billion.ESPPOur	employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	our	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	anyplan	limitations.	The	purchase	price	would	be	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offeringperiod.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	under	the	ESPP	we	issued	2.1	million,	1.4	million	and	1.5	million	shares,	respectively.As	of	December	31,	2023,	there	were	97.8	million	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP.Fair	Value	AssumptionsWe	use	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimate	the	fair	value	of	eachstock	option	award	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricingmodel.	The	weighted-average	assumptions	used	in	the	Black-Scholes	model	for	stock	options	are	as	follows:Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Risk-free	interest	rate3.90	%3.11	%0.66	%Expected	term	(in	years)4.54.14.3Expected	volatility63	%63	%59	%Dividend	yield0.0	%0.0	%0.0	%Grant	date	fair	value	per	share$121.62	$114.51	$128.02	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	ofour	common	stock.	The	risk-free	interest	rate	is	based	on	the	U.S.	Treasury	yield	for	zero-coupon	U.S.	Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	eachgrant’s	expected	life.	We	use	our	historical	data	in	estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants.	The	expected	volatility	is	based	on	the	averageof	the	implied	volatility	of	publicly	traded	options	for	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatility	of	our	common	stock.812018	CEO	Performance	AwardIn	March	2018,	our	stockholders	approved	the	Board	of	Directors’	grant	of	304.0	million	stock	option	awards,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	2020Stock	Split	and	the	2022	Stock	Split,	to	our	CEO	(the	“2018	CEO	Performance	Award”).	The	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	consisted	of	12	vestingtranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	operational	milestones	(performance	conditions)	and	market	conditions,assuming	continued	employment	either	as	the	CEO	or	as	both	Executive	Chairman	and	Chief	Product	Officer	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Eachof	the	12	vesting	tranches	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	vested	upon	certification	by	the	Board	of	Directors	that	both	(i)	the	market	capitalizationmilestone	for	such	tranche,	which	began	at	$100.0	billion	for	the	first	tranche	and	increases	by	increments	of	$50.0	billion	thereafter	(based	on	both	a	sixcalendar	month	trailing	average	and	a	30	calendar	day	trailing	average,	counting	only	trading	days),	had	been	achieved,	and	(ii)	any	one	of	the	followingeight	operational	milestones	focused	on	total	revenue	or	any	one	of	the	eight	operational	milestones	focused	on	Adjusted	EBITDA	had	been	achieved	forthe	four	consecutive	fiscal	quarters	on	an	annualized	basis	and	subsequently	reported	by	us	in	our	consolidated	financial	statements	filed	with	our	Forms10-Q	and/or	10-K.	Adjusted	EBITDA	was	defined	as	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	before	interest	expense,	provision	(benefit)	forincome	taxes,	depreciation	and	amortization	and	stock-based	compensation.	Upon	vesting	and	exercise,	including	the	payment	of	the	exercise	price	of$23.34	per	share	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	2020	Stock	Split	and	the	2022	Stock	Split,	our	CEO	must	hold	shares	that	he	acquires	for	five	yearspost-exercise,	other	than	a	cashless	exercise	where	shares	are	simultaneously	sold	to	pay	for	the	exercise	price	and	any	required	tax	withholding.The	achievement	status	of	the	operational	milestones	as	of	December	31,	2023	is	provided	below.Total	Annualized	RevenueAnnualized	Adjusted	EBITDAMilestone(in	billions)Achievement	StatusMilestone(in	billions)Achievement	Status$20.0	Achieved$1.5	Achieved$35.0	Achieved$3.0	Achieved$55.0	Achieved$4.5	Achieved$75.0	Achieved$6.0	Achieved$100.0	-$8.0	Achieved$125.0	-$10.0	Achieved$150.0	-$12.0	Achieved$175.0	-$14.0	AchievedStock-based	compensation	under	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	represented	a	non-cash	expense	and	was	recorded	as	a	Selling,	general,	andadministrative	operating	expense	in	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	In	each	quarter	since	the	grant	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award,	wehad	recognized	expense,	generally	on	a	pro-rated	basis,	for	only	the	number	of	tranches	(up	to	the	maximum	of	12	tranches)	that	corresponded	to	thenumber	of	operational	milestones	that	had	been	achieved	or	had	been	determined	probable	of	being	achieved	in	the	future,	in	accordance	with	thefollowing	principles.On	the	grant	date,	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	was	used	to	determine	for	each	tranche	(i)	a	fixed	amount	of	expense	for	such	tranche	and	(ii)	thefuture	time	when	the	market	capitalization	milestone	for	such	tranche	was	expected	to	be	achieved,	or	its	“expected	market	capitalization	milestoneachievement	time.”	Separately,	based	on	a	subjective	assessment	of	our	future	financial	performance	each	quarter,	we	determined	whether	it	wasprobable	that	we	would	achieve	each	operational	milestone	that	had	not	previously	been	achieved	or	deemed	probable	of	achievement	and	if	so,	thefuture	time	when	we	expected	to	achieve	that	operational	milestone,	or	its	“expected	operational	milestone	achievement	time.”As	of	December	31,	2022,	all	remaining	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	under	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	had	beenrecognized.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021,	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$66	million	and	$910	million,respectively,	related	to	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award.82Other	Performance-Based	GrantsFrom	time	to	time,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	grants	certain	employees	performance-based	RSUs	and	stock	options.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$655	million	under	these	grants	to	purchase	or	receive	anaggregate	5.3	million	shares	of	our	common	stock.	For	awards	probable	of	achievement,	we	estimate	the	unrecognized	stock-based	compensationexpense	of	$110	million	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	4.0	years.For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	we	recorded	$57	million	and	$159	million,	respectively,	of	stock-based	compensation	expenserelated	to	these	grants,	net	of	forfeitures.Summary	Stock-Based	Compensation	InformationThe	following	table	summarizes	our	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Cost	of	revenues$741	$594	$421	Research	and	development689	536	448	Selling,	general	and	administrative382	430	1,252	Total$1,812	$1,560	$2,121	Our	income	tax	benefits	recognized	from	stock-based	compensation	arrangements	were	immaterial	while	we	were	under	full	valuation	allowanceson	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021.	With	the	release	of	the	valuation	allowance	associated	with	ourfederal	and	certain	state	deferred	tax	assets	in	2023,	income	tax	benefits	recognized	from	stock-based	compensation	expense	were	$326	million	duringthe	year	ended	December	31,	2023.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	stock-based	compensation	expense	capitalized	to	ourconsolidated	balance	sheets	was	$199	million,	$245	million	and	$182	million,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	$4.82	billion	of	totalunrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	non-performance	awards,	which	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	2.8years.Note	14	–	Income	TaxesOur	income	before	(benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021	was	as	follows	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Domestic$3,196	$5,524	$(130)Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest(23)31	125	Foreign6,800	8,164	6,348	Income	before	income	taxes$9,973	$13,719	$6,343	83A	(benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$(5.00)	billion,	$1.13	billion	and	$699	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,2023,	2022	and	2021,	respectively.	The	components	of	the	(benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and2021	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Current:Federal$48	$—	$—	State57	62	9	Foreign1,243	1,266	839	Total	current1,348	1,328	848	Deferred:Federal(5,246)26	—	State(653)1	—	Foreign(450)(223)(149)Total	deferred(6,349)(196)(149)Total	(Benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes$(5,001)$1,132	$699	The	reconciliation	of	taxes	at	the	federal	statutory	rate	to	our	(benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023,2022	and	2021	was	as	follows	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate$2,094	$2,881	$1,332	State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit(372)51	6	Nondeductible	executive	compensation23	14	201	Excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock-based	compensation(288)(745)(7,123)Nontaxable	manufacturing	credit(101)—	—	Foreign	income	rate	differential(816)(923)(668)U.S.	tax	credits(593)(276)(328)GILTI	inclusion670	1,279	1,008	Unrecognized	tax	benefits183	252	28	Change	in	valuation	allowance(5,962)(1,532)6,165	Other161	131	78	(Benefit	from)	provision	for	income	taxes$(5,001)$1,132	$699	We	monitor	the	realizability	of	our	deferred	tax	assets	taking	into	account	all	relevant	factors	at	each	reporting	period.	As	of	December	31,	2023,based	on	the	relevant	weight	of	positive	and	negative	evidence,	including	the	amount	of	our	taxable	income	in	recent	years	which	is	objective	andverifiable,	and	consideration	of	our	expected	future	taxable	earnings,	we	concluded	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	federal	and	certain	statedeferred	tax	assets	are	realizable.	As	such,	we	released	$6.54	billion	of	our	valuation	allowance	associated	with	the	U.S.	federal	and	state	deferred	taxassets,	with	the	exception	of	our	California	deferred	tax	assets.	We	continue	to	maintain	a	full	valuation	allowance	against	our	California	deferred	taxassets	as	of	December	31,	2023,	because	we	concluded	they	are	not	more	likely	than	not	to	be	realized	as	we	expect	our	California	deferred	tax	assetsgeneration	in	future	years	to	exceed	our	ability	to	use	these	deferred	tax	assets.84Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2023	and	2022	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Deferred	tax	assets:Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards$2,826	$4,486	Research	and	development	credits1,358	1,184	Other	tax	credits	and	attributes827	217	Deferred	revenue1,035	751	Inventory	and	warranty	reserves1,258	819	Stock-based	compensation230	185	Operating	lease	right-of-use	liabilities930	554	Capitalized	research	and	development	costs1,344	693	Deferred	GILTI	tax	assets760	466	Accruals	and	others206	178	Total	deferred	tax	assets10,774	9,533	Valuation	allowance(892)(7,349)Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance9,882	2,184	Deferred	tax	liabilities:Depreciation	and	amortization(2,122)(1,178)Investment	in	certain	financing	funds(133)(238)Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets(859)(506)Other(116)(15)Total	deferred	tax	liabilities(3,230)(1,937)Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities),	net	of	valuation	allowance$6,652	$247	As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	maintained	valuation	allowances	of	$892	million	for	deferred	tax	assets	that	are	not	more	likely	than	not	to	berealized,	which	primarily	included	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	state	of	California	and	certain	foreign	operating	losses.	The	valuation	allowance	on	our	netdeferred	tax	assets	decreased	by	$6.46	billion	and	$1.73	billion	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2023	and	2022,	respectively,	and	increased	by$6.14	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2021.	The	valuation	allowance	decrease	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2023	was	primarily	dueto	the	release	of	our	valuation	allowance	with	respect	to	our	U.S.	federal	and	certain	state	deferred	tax	assets.	The	changes	in	valuation	allowancesduring	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021	were	primarily	due	to	changes	in	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	in	the	respective	year.Among	our	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	on	certain	foreign	net	operating	losses	that	are	not	more	likelythan	not	to	be	realized.	The	remainder	of	our	foreign	deferred	tax	assets	are	more	likely	than	not	to	be	realized	given	the	expectation	of	future	earningsin	these	jurisdictions.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	$10.31	billion	of	federal	and	$10.36	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to	offset	futuretaxable	income,	some	of	which,	if	not	utilized,	will	begin	to	expire	in	2024	for	federal	and	state	purposes.	Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantialrestrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an	“ownership	change,”	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	theInternal	Revenue	Code.	We	have	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	the	utilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	prior	ownership	changes	or	expirations.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	federal	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	$1.10	billion,	federal	renewable	energy	tax	credits	of$605	million,	and	state	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	$923	million.	Most	of	our	state	research	and	development	tax	credits	were	in	the	state	ofCalifornia.	If	not	utilized,	some	of	the	federal	tax	credits	may	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2036.	However,	California	research	and	developmenttax	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.85The	local	government	of	Shanghai	granted	a	beneficial	corporate	income	tax	rate	of	15%	to	certain	eligible	enterprises,	compared	to	the	25%statutory	corporate	income	tax	rate	in	China.	Our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	subsidiary	was	granted	this	beneficial	income	tax	rate	of	15%	for	2019	through2023.	Starting	in	2024,	Gigafactory	Shanghai	is	subject	to	25%	statutory	corporate	income	tax	rate	in	China.As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	intend	to	indefinitely	reinvest	our	foreign	earnings	and	cash	unless	such	repatriation	results	in	no	or	minimal	tax	costs.We	have	recorded	the	taxes	associated	with	the	foreign	earnings	we	intend	to	repatriate	in	the	future.	For	the	earnings	we	intend	to	indefinitely	reinvest,no	deferred	tax	liabilities	for	foreign	withholding	or	other	taxes	have	been	recorded.	The	estimated	amount	of	such	unrecognized	withholding	tax	liabilityassociated	with	the	indefinitely	reinvested	earnings	is	approximately	$245	million.Uncertain	Tax	PositionsThe	changes	to	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	were	as	follows	(in	millions):December	31,	2020$380	Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions117	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions(90)Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions124	December	31,	2021531	Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions136	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions(12)Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions222	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	expiration	of	the	statute	of	limitations(7)December	31,	2022870	Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions59	Decreases	related	to	settlement	with	tax	authorities(6)Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax	positions255	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	expiration	of	the	statute	of	limitations(4)December	31,	2023$1,174	We	include	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	in	income	tax	expense.	We	recognized	net	interest	and	penalties	related	tounrecognized	tax	benefits	in	provision	for	income	taxes	line	of	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations	of	$17	million,	$27	million	and	$4	million	for	theyears	ended	December	31,	2023,	2022	and	2021,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	and	2022,	we	have	accrued	$47	million	and	$31	million,respectively,	related	to	interest	and	penalties	on	our	unrecognized	tax	benefits.	Unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$901	million,	if	recognized,	would	affect	oureffective	tax	rate.We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.	and	various	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	We	are	currently	under	examination	by	the	Internal	RevenueService	(“IRS”)	for	the	years	2015	to	2018.	Additional	tax	years	within	the	periods	2004	to	2014	and	2019	to	2022	remain	subject	to	examination	forfederal	income	tax	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	to	adjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	state	income	taxpurposes.	Our	returns	for	2004	and	subsequent	tax	years	remain	subject	to	examination	in	U.S.	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.Given	the	uncertainty	in	timing	and	outcome	of	our	tax	examinations,	an	estimate	of	the	range	of	the	reasonably	possible	change	in	grossunrecognized	tax	benefits	within	twelve	months	cannot	be	made	at	this	time.Note	15	–	Commitments	and	ContingenciesOperating	Lease	Arrangement	in	Buffalo,	New	YorkWe	have	an	operating	lease	arrangement	through	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	SUNY	Foundation	with	respect	to	Gigafactory	New	York.	Underthe	lease	and	a	related	research	and	development	agreement,	we	are	continuing	to	further	develop	the	facility.86Under	this	agreement,	we	are	obligated	to,	among	other	things,	meet	employment	targets	as	well	as	specified	minimum	numbers	of	personnel	inthe	State	of	New	York	and	in	Buffalo,	New	York	and	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	othercosts	in	the	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	beginning	April	30,	2018.	On	an	annual	basis	during	the	initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	eachanniversary	of	such	date,	if	we	fail	to	meet	these	specified	investment	and	job	creation	requirements,	then	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41	million“program	payment”	to	the	SUNY	Foundation	for	each	year	that	we	fail	to	meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	arrangement	is	terminated	due	toa	material	breach	by	us,	then	additional	amounts	may	become	payable	by	us.In	2021,	an	amendment	was	executed	to	extend	our	overall	agreement	to	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	New	York	through	December	31,	2029.	On	February	1,	2022,	we	reported	to	the	State	of	New	York	thatwe	had	met	and	exceeded	our	annual	requirements	for	jobs	and	investment	in	Buffalo	and	New	York	State.	As	of	December	31,	2023,	we	have	met	andexpect	to	meet	the	requirements	under	this	arrangement	based	on	our	current	and	anticipated	level	of	operations.	However,	if	our	expectations	as	to	thecosts	and	timelines	of	our	investment	and	operations	at	Buffalo	prove	incorrect,	we	may	incur	additional	expenses	or	be	required	to	make	substantialpayments	to	the	SUNY	Foundation.Operating	Lease	Arrangement	in	Shanghai,	ChinaWe	have	an	operating	lease	arrangement	for	an	initial	term	of	50	years	with	the	local	government	of	Shanghai	for	land	use	rights	where	we	havebeen	constructing	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Under	the	terms	of	the	arrangement,	we	are	required	to	spend	RMB	14.08	billion	in	capital	expenditures	by	theend	of	2023,	which	has	been	achieved	in	2023,	and	to	generate	RMB	2.23	billion	of	annual	tax	revenues	starting	at	the	end	of	2023.	As	of	December	31,2023,	we	have	met	and	expect	to	meet	the	tax	revenue	requirements	based	on	our	current	level	of	spend	and	sales.Legal	ProceedingsLitigation	Relating	to	2018	CEO	Performance	AwardOn	June	4,	2018,	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	filed	a	putative	class	and	derivative	action	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	against	Elon	Musk	andthe	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted,	alleging	corporate	waste,	unjust	enrichment	and	that	such	board	members	breached	theirfiduciary	duties	by	approving	the	stock-based	compensation	plan	awarded	to	Elon	Musk	in	2018.	Trial	was	held	November	14-18,	2022.	Post-trial	briefingand	argument	are	now	complete.Litigation	Related	to	Directors’	CompensationOn	June	17,	2020,	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	filed	a	derivative	action	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	Tesla,	againstcertain	of	Tesla’s	current	and	former	directors	regarding	compensation	awards	granted	to	Tesla’s	directors,	other	than	Elon	Musk,	between	2017	and2020.	The	suit	asserts	claims	for	breach	of	fiduciary	duty	and	unjust	enrichment	and	seeks	declaratory	and	injunctive	relief,	unspecified	damages	andother	relief.	Defendants	filed	their	answer	on	September	17,	2020.On	July	14,	2023,	the	parties	filed	a	Stipulation	and	Agreement	of	Compromise	and	Settlement,	which	does	not	involve	an	admission	of	anywrongdoing	by	any	party.	If	the	settlement	is	approved	by	the	Court,	this	action	will	be	fully	settled	and	dismissed	with	prejudice.	Pursuant	to	the	terms	ofthe	agreement,	Tesla	provided	notice	of	the	proposed	settlement	to	stockholders	of	record	as	of	July	14,	2023.	The	Court	held	a	hearing	regarding	thesettlement	on	October	13,	2023,	after	which	it	took	the	settlement	and	plaintiff	counsels’	fee	request	under	advisement.	The	settlement	is	not	expectedto	have	an	adverse	impact	on	our	results	of	operations,	cash	flows	or	financial	position.Litigation	Relating	to	Potential	Going	Private	TransactionBetween	August	10,	2018	and	September	6,	2018,	nine	purported	stockholder	class	actions	were	filed	against	Tesla	and	Elon	Musk	in	connectionwith	Mr.	Musk’s	August	7,	2018	Twitter	post	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	On	January	16,	2019,	Plaintiffs	filed	their	consolidated	complaintin	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	and	added	as	defendants	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors.	Theconsolidated	complaint	asserts	claims	for	violations	of	the	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified	damages	and	other	relief.	The	parties	stipulatedto	certification	of	a	class	of	stockholders,	which	the	court	granted	on	November	25,	2020.	Trial	started	on	January	17,	2023,	and	on	February	3,	2023,	ajury	rendered	a	verdict	in	favor	of	the	defendants	on	all	counts.	After	trial,	plaintiffs	filed	a	motion	for	judgment	as	a	matter	of	law	and	a	motion	for	newtrial,	which	the	Court	denied	and	judgement	was	entered	in	favor	of	defendants	on	July	11,	2023.	On	July	14,	2023,	plaintiffs	filed	a	notice	of	appeal.87Between	October	17,	2018	and	March	8,	2021,	seven	derivative	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery,	purportedly	on	behalf	ofTesla,	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors,	as	constituted	at	relevant	times,	in	relation	to	statements	made	and	actionsconnected	to	a	potential	going	private	transaction,	with	certain	of	the	lawsuits	challenging	additional	Twitter	posts	by	Mr.	Musk,	among	other	things.	Fiveof	those	actions	were	consolidated,	and	all	seven	actions	have	been	stayed	pending	resolution	of	the	appeal	in	the	above-referenced	consolidatedpurported	stockholder	class	action.	In	addition	to	these	cases,	two	derivative	lawsuits	were	filed	on	October	25,	2018	and	February	11,	2019	in	the	U.S.District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	Tesla,	against	Mr.	Musk	and	the	members	of	the	Tesla	board	of	directors	as	thenconstituted.	Those	cases	have	also	been	consolidated	and	stayed	pending	resolution	of	the	appeal	in	the	above-referenced	consolidated	purportedstockholder	class	action.On	October	21,	2022,	a	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	by	a	purported	shareholder	of	Tesla	alleging,	among	other	things,	thatboard	members	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	their	oversight	of	the	Company’s	2018	settlement	with	the	SEC,	as	amended.	Amongother	things,	the	plaintiff	seeks	reforms	to	the	Company’s	corporate	governance	and	internal	procedures,	unspecified	damages,	and	attorneys’	fees.	Theparties	reached	an	agreement	to	stay	the	case	until	March	5,	2024.On	November	15,	2021,	JPMorgan	Chase	Bank	(“JP	Morgan”)	filed	a	lawsuit	against	Tesla	in	the	Southern	District	of	New	York	alleging	breach	of	astock	warrant	agreement	that	was	entered	into	as	part	of	a	convertible	notes	offering	in	2014.	In	2018,	JP	Morgan	informed	Tesla	that	it	had	adjusted	thestrike	price	based	upon	Mr.	Musk’s	August	7,	2018	Twitter	post	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	Tesla	disputed	JP	Morgan’s	adjustment	as	aviolation	of	the	parties’	agreement.	In	2021,	Tesla	delivered	shares	to	JP	Morgan	per	the	agreement,	which	they	duly	accepted.	JP	Morgan	now	allegesthat	it	is	owed	approximately	$162	million	as	the	value	of	additional	shares	that	it	claims	should	have	been	delivered	as	a	result	of	the	adjustment	to	thestrike	price	in	2018.	On	January	24,	2022,	Tesla	filed	multiple	counterclaims	as	part	of	its	answer	to	the	underlying	lawsuit,	asserting	among	other	pointsthat	JP	Morgan	should	have	terminated	the	stock	warrant	agreement	in	2018	rather	than	make	an	adjustment	to	the	strike	price	that	it	should	haveknown	would	lead	to	a	commercially	unreasonable	result.	Tesla	believes	that	the	adjustments	made	by	JP	Morgan	were	neither	proper	nor	commerciallyreasonable,	as	required	under	the	stock	warrant	agreements.	JP	Morgan	filed	a	motion	for	judgment	on	the	pleadings,	which	Tesla	opposed,	and	thatmotion	is	currently	pending	before	the	Court.Litigation	and	Investigations	Relating	to	Alleged	Discrimination	and	HarassmentOn	October	4,	2021,	in	a	case	captioned	Diaz	v.	Tesla,	a	jury	in	the	Northern	District	of	California	returned	a	verdict	against	Tesla	on	claims	by	aformer	contingent	worker	that	he	was	subjected	to	race	discrimination	while	assigned	to	work	at	Tesla’s	Fremont	Factory	from	2015-2016.	A	retrial	washeld	starting	on	March	27,	2023,	after	which	a	jury	returned	a	verdict	of	$3,175,000.	As	a	result,	the	damages	awarded	against	Tesla	were	reduced	froman	initial	$136.9	million	(October	4,	2021)	down	to	$15	million	(April	13,	2022),	and	then	further	down	to	$3.175	million	(April	3,	2023).	On	November	2,2023,	the	plaintiff	filed	a	notice	of	appeal,	and	on	November	16,	2023,	Tesla	filed	a	notice	of	cross	appeal.On	February	9,	2022,	shortly	after	the	first	Diaz	jury	verdict,	the	California	Civil	Rights	Department	(“CRD,”	formerly	“DFEH”)	filed	a	civil	complaintagainst	Tesla	in	Alameda	County,	California	Superior	Court,	alleging	systemic	race	discrimination,	hostile	work	environment	and	pay	equity	claims,	amongothers.	CRD’s	amended	complaint	seeks	monetary	damages	and	injunctive	relief.	On	September	22,	2022,	Tesla	filed	a	cross	complaint	against	CRD,alleging	that	it	violated	the	Administrative	Procedures	Act	by	failing	to	follow	statutory	pre-requisites	prior	to	filing	suit	and	that	cross	complaint	wassubject	to	a	sustained	demurrer,	which	Tesla	later	amended	and	refiled.	The	case	is	currently	in	discovery.Additionally,	on	June	1,	2022	the	Equal	Employment	Opportunity	Commission	(“EEOC”)	issued	a	cause	finding	against	Tesla	that	closely	parallels	theCRD’s	allegations.	On	September	28,	2023,	the	EEOC	filed	a	civil	complaint	against	Tesla	in	the	United	States	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	ofCalifornia	asserting	claims	for	race	harassment	and	retaliation	and	seeking,	among	other	things,	monetary	and	injunctive	relief.	On	December	18,	2023,Tesla	filed	a	motion	to	stay	the	case.	Separately,	on	December	26,	2023,	Tesla	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	case.On	June	16,	2022,	two	Tesla	stockholders	filed	separate	derivative	actions	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Western	District	of	Texas,	purportedly	onbehalf	of	Tesla,	against	certain	of	Tesla’s	current	and	former	directors.	Both	suits	assert	claims	for	breach	of	fiduciary	duty,	unjust	enrichment,	andviolation	of	the	federal	securities	laws	in	connection	with	alleged	race	and	gender	discrimination	and	sexual	harassment.	Among	other	things,	plaintiffsseek	declaratory	and	injunctive	relief,	unspecified	damages	payable	to	Tesla,	and	attorneys’	fees.	On	July	22,	2022,	the	Court	consolidated	the	two	casesand	on	September	6,	2022,	plaintiffs	filed	a	consolidated	complaint.	On	November	7,	2022,	the	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	case	and	onSeptember	15,	2023,	the	Court	dismissed	the	action	but	granted	plaintiffs	leave	to	file	an	amended	complaint.	On	November	2,	2023,	plaintiff	filed	anamended	complaint	purportedly	on	behalf	of	Tesla,	against	Elon	Musk.	On	December	19,	2023,	the	defendants	moved	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.88Other	Litigation	Related	to	Our	Products	and	ServicesWe	are	also	subject	to	various	lawsuits	that	seek	monetary	and	other	injunctive	relief.	These	lawsuits	include	proposed	class	actions	and	otherconsumer	claims	that	allege,	among	other	things,	purported	defects	and	misrepresentations	related	to	our	products	and	services.	For	example,	onSeptember	14,	2022,	a	proposed	class	action	was	filed	against	Tesla,	Inc.	and	related	entities	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	ofCalifornia,	alleging	various	claims	about	the	Company’s	driver	assistance	technology	systems	under	state	and	federal	law.	This	case	was	laterconsolidated	with	several	other	proposed	class	actions,	and	a	Consolidated	Amended	Complaint	was	filed	on	October	28,	2022,	which	seeks	damages	andother	relief	on	behalf	of	all	persons	who	purchased	or	leased	from	Tesla	between	January	1,	2016	to	the	present.	On	October	5,	2022	a	proposed	classaction	complaint	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Eastern	District	of	New	York	asserting	similar	state	and	federal	law	claims	against	the	samedefendants.	On	September	30,	2023,	the	Court	dismissed	this	action	with	leave	to	amend	the	complaint.	On	November	20,	2023,	the	plaintiff	moved	toamend	the	complaint,	which	Tesla	opposed.	On	March	22,	2023,	the	plaintiffs	in	the	Northern	District	of	California	consolidated	action	filed	a	motion	for	apreliminary	injunction	to	order	Tesla	to	(1)	cease	using	the	term	“Full	Self-Driving	Capability”	(FSD	Capability),	(2)	cease	the	sale	and	activation	of	FSDCapability	and	deactivate	FSD	Capability	on	Tesla	vehicles,	and	(3)	provide	certain	notices	to	consumers	about	proposed	court-findings	about	theaccuracy	of	the	use	of	the	terms	Autopilot	and	FSD	Capability.	Tesla	opposed	the	motion.	On	September	30,	2023,	the	Court	denied	the	request	for	apreliminary	injunction,	compelled	four	of	five	plaintiffs	to	arbitration,	and	dismissed	the	claims	of	the	fifth	plaintiff	with	leave	to	amend	the	complaint.	OnOctober	31,	2023,	the	remaining	plaintiff	in	the	Northern	District	of	California	action	filed	an	amended	complaint,	which	Tesla	has	moved	to	dismiss.	OnOctober	2,	2023,	a	similar	proposed	class	action	was	filed	in	San	Diego	County	Superior	Court	in	California.	Tesla	subsequently	removed	the	San	DiegoCounty	case	to	federal	court	and	on	January	8,	2024,	the	federal	court	granted	Tesla’s	motion	to	transfer	the	case	to	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	theNorthern	District	of	California.On	February	27,	2023,	a	proposed	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	Tesla,	Inc.,	Elon	Muskand	certain	current	and	former	Company	executives.	The	complaint	alleges	that	the	defendants	made	material	misrepresentations	and	omissions	aboutthe	Company’s	Autopilot	and	FSD	Capability	technologies	and	seeks	money	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	persons	who	purchased	Tesla	stockbetween	February	19,	2019	and	February	17,	2023.	An	amended	complaint	was	filed	on	September	5,	2023,	naming	only	Tesla,	Inc.	and	Elon	Musk	asdefendants.	On	November	6,	2023,	Tesla	moved	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.On	March	14,	2023,	a	proposed	class	action	was	filed	against	Tesla,	Inc.	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California.	Severalsimilar	complaints	have	also	been	filed	in	the	same	court	and	these	cases	have	now	all	been	consolidated.	These	complaints	allege	that	Tesla	violatesfederal	antitrust	and	warranty	laws	through	its	repair,	service,	and	maintenance	practices	and	seeks,	among	other	relief,	damages	for	persons	who	paidTesla	for	repairs	services	or	Tesla	compatible	replacement	parts	from	March	2019	to	March	2023.	On	July	17,	2023,	these	plaintiffs	filed	a	consolidatedamended	complaint.	On	September	27,	2023,	the	court	granted	Tesla’s	motion	to	compel	arbitration	as	to	three	of	the	plaintiffs,	and	on	November	17,2023,	the	court	granted	Tesla’s	motion	to	dismiss	without	prejudice.	The	plaintiffs	filed	a	Consolidated	Second	Amended	Complaint	on	December	12,2023,	which	Tesla	has	moved	to	dismiss.	Plaintiffs	have	also	appealed	the	court’s	arbitration	order.	Trial	is	currently	set	for	July	7,	2025.The	Company	intends	to	vigorously	defend	itself	in	these	matters;	however,	we	cannot	predict	the	outcome	or	impact.	We	are	unable	to	reasonablyestimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	these	claims,	unless	noted.Certain	Investigations	and	Other	MattersWe	regularly	receive	requests	for	information,	including	subpoenas,	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities	such	as	the	National	HighwayTraffic	Safety	Administration,	the	National	Transportation	Safety	Board,	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	(“SEC”),	the	Department	of	Justice(“DOJ”),	and	various	local,	state,	federal,	and	international	agencies.	The	ongoing	requests	for	information	include	topics	such	as	operations,	technology(e.g.,	vehicle	functionality,	Autopilot	and	FSD	Capability),	compliance,	finance,	data	privacy,	and	other	matters	related	to	Tesla’s	business,	its	personnel,and	related	parties.	We	routinely	cooperate	with	such	formal	and	informal	requests	for	information,	investigations,	and	other	inquiries.	To	our	knowledgeno	government	agency	in	any	ongoing	investigation	has	concluded	that	any	wrongdoing	occurred.	We	cannot	predict	the	outcome	or	impact	of	anyongoing	matters.	Should	the	government	decide	to	pursue	an	enforcement	action,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	ourbusiness,	results	of	operation,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	or	brand.89We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings,	risks	and	claims	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	For	example,	duringthe	second	quarter	of	2023,	a	foreign	news	outlet	reported	that	it	obtained	certain	misappropriated	data	including,	purportedly	non-public	Tesla	businessand	personal	information.	Tesla	has	made	notifications	to	potentially	affected	individuals	(current	and	former	employees)	and	regulatory	authorities	andwe	are	working	with	certain	law	enforcement	and	other	authorities.	On	August	5,	2023,	a	putative	class	action	was	filed	in	the	United	States	District	Courtfor	the	Northern	District	of	California,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	all	U.S.	individuals	impacted	by	the	data	incident,	followed	by	several	additional	lawsuits,that	each	assert	claims	under	various	state	laws	and	seeks	monetary	damages	and	other	relief.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	or	development	were	to	occur	inthese	or	other	possible	legal	proceedings,	risks	and	claims,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	results	of	operations,prospects,	cash	flows,	financial	position	or	brand.Letters	of	CreditAs	of	December	31,	2023,	we	had	$525	million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding.Note	16	–	Variable	Interest	Entity	ArrangementsWe	have	entered	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	our	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles.	Inparticular,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	and	fund	investors	have	formed	and	contributed	cash	and	assets	into	various	financing	funds	and	entered	intorelated	agreements.	We	have	determined	that	the	funds	are	VIEs	and	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by	reference	to	the	power	and	benefitscriterion	under	ASC	810.	We	have	considered	the	provisions	within	the	agreements,	which	grant	us	the	power	to	manage	and	make	decisions	that	affectthe	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	to	be	sold	or	contributed	to	theseVIEs,	redeploying	solar	energy	systems	and	managing	customer	receivables.	We	consider	that	the	rights	granted	to	the	fund	investors	under	theagreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	we	consolidate	in	the	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	ofthese	VIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	us	and	these	VIEs	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Cashdistributions	of	income	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	lossand	tax	credits,	are	allocated	to	the	fund	investor	and	our	subsidiary	as	specified	in	the	agreements.Generally,	our	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund	orthe	formula	specified	in	the	agreements.Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	agreements.Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	we	have	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	asoperations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance	reporting.	In	some	instances,	we	have	guaranteed	payments	to	thefund	investors	as	specified	in	the	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	our	general	credit	or	to	that	of	other	funds.	Certain	assets	of	thefunds	have	been	pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.90The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after	elimination	of	any	intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	theconsolidated	balance	sheets	were	as	follows	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Assets		Current	assets		Cash	and	cash	equivalents$66	$68	Accounts	receivable,	net13	22	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets361	274	Total	current	assets440	364	Solar	energy	systems,	net3,278	4,060	Other	non-current	assets369	404	Total	assets$4,087	$4,828	Liabilities		Current	liabilities		Accrued	liabilities	and	other$67	$69	Deferred	revenue6	10	Current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases1,564	1,013	Total	current	liabilities1,637	1,092	Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion99	149	Debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion2,041	971	Other	long-term	liabilities—	3	Total	liabilities$3,777	$2,215	Note	17	–	Related	Party	TransactionsIn	relation	to	our	CEO’s	exercise	of	stock	options	and	sale	of	common	stock	from	the	2012	CEO	Performance	Award,	Tesla	withheld	the	appropriateamount	of	taxes.	However,	given	the	significant	amounts	involved,	our	CEO	entered	into	an	indemnification	agreement	with	us	in	November	2021	foradditional	taxes	owed,	if	any.Tesla	periodically	does	business	with	certain	entities	with	which	its	CEO	and	directors	are	affiliated,	such	as	SpaceX	and	X	Corp.,	in	accordance	withour	Related	Person	Transactions	Policy.	Such	transactions	have	not	had	to	date,	and	are	not	currently	expected	to	have,	a	material	impact	on	ourconsolidated	financial	statements.91Note	18	–	Segment	Reporting	and	Information	about	Geographic	AreasWe	have	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.	The	automotive	segment	includes	thedesign,	development,	manufacturing,	sales	and	leasing	of	electric	vehicles	as	well	as	sales	of	automotive	regulatory	credits.	Additionally,	the	automotivesegment	is	also	comprised	of	services	and	other,	which	includes	sales	of	used	vehicles,	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	body	shop	and	parts,paid	Supercharging,	vehicle	insurance	revenue	and	retail	merchandise.	The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,installation,	sales	and	leasing	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products	and	related	services	and	sales	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.Our	CODM	does	not	evaluate	operating	segments	using	asset	or	liability	information.	The	following	table	presents	revenues	and	gross	profit	by	reportablesegment	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021Automotive	segment		Revenues$90,738	$77,553	$51,034	Gross	profit$16,519	$20,565	$13,735	Energy	generation	and	storage	segment		Revenues$6,035	$3,909	$2,789	Gross	profit$1,141	$288	$(129)The	following	table	presents	revenues	by	geographic	area	based	on	the	sales	location	of	our	products	(in	millions):Year	Ended	December	31,202320222021United	States$45,235	$40,553	$23,973	China21,745	18,145	13,844	Other	international29,793	22,764	16,006	Total$96,773	$81,462	$53,823	The	following	table	presents	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022United	States$26,629	$21,667	Germany4,258	3,547	China2,820	2,978	Other	international1,247	845	Total$34,954	$29,037	The	following	table	presents	inventory	by	reportable	segment	(in	millions):December	31,2023December	31,2022Automotive$11,139	$10,996	Energy	generation	and	storage2,487	1,843	Total$13,626	$12,839	Note	19	–	Restructuring	and	OtherDuring	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021,	we	recorded	$204	million	and	$101	million,	respectively,	of	impairment	losses	on	digitalassets.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2022	and	2021	we	also	realized	gains	of	$64	million	and	$128	million,	respectively,	in	connection	withconverting	our	holdings	of	digital	assets	into	fiat	currency.	We	also	recorded	other	expenses	of	$36	million	during	the	second	quarter	of	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2022,	related	to	employee	terminations.92ITEM	9.	CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURENone.ITEM	9A.	CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURESEvaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	ProceduresOur	management,	with	the	participation	of	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer,	evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	our	disclosurecontrols	and	procedures	pursuant	to	Rule	13a-15	under	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	“Exchange	Act”).	In	designing	andevaluating	the	disclosure	controls	and	procedures,	our	management	recognizes	that	any	controls	and	procedures,	no	matter	how	well	designed	andoperated,	can	provide	only	reasonable	assurance	of	achieving	the	desired	control	objectives.	In	addition,	the	design	of	disclosure	controls	and	proceduresmust	reflect	the	fact	that	there	are	resource	constraints	and	that	our	management	is	required	to	apply	its	judgment	in	evaluating	the	benefits	of	possiblecontrols	and	procedures	relative	to	their	costs.Based	on	this	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2023,	our	disclosurecontrols	and	procedures	were	designed	at	a	reasonable	assurance	level	and	were	effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	the	information	we	arerequired	to	disclose	in	reports	that	we	file	or	submit	under	the	Exchange	Act	is	recorded,	processed,	summarized	and	reported	within	the	time	periodsspecified	in	the	SEC	rules	and	forms,	and	that	such	information	is	accumulated	and	communicated	to	our	management,	including	our	Chief	ExecutiveOfficer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer,	as	appropriate,	to	allow	timely	decisions	regarding	required	disclosures.Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingOur	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financialreporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assuranceregarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	acceptedaccounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	andfairly	reflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permitpreparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	madeonly	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detectionof	unauthorized	acquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we	conductedan	evaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	–	Integrated	Framework(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(“COSO”).	Our	management	concluded	that	our	internalcontrol	over	financial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2023.Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financialreporting	as	of	December	31,	2023,	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	ControlsBecause	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any	evaluationof	effectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	ofcompliance	with	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingThere	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	quarter	ended	December	31,	2023,	which	hasmaterially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.93