	PART	IIITEM	5.MARKET	FOR	REGISTRANT’S	COMMON	EQUITY,	RELATED	STOCKHOLDER	MATTERS	AND	ISSUER	PURCHASES	OF	EQUITYSECURITIESMarket	InformationOur	common	stock	has	traded	on	The	NASDAQ	Global	Select	Market	under	the	symbol	“TSLA”	since	it	began	trading	on	June	29,	2010.	Our	initial	publicoffering	was	priced	at	$3.40	per	share	on	June	28,	2010	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.HoldersAs	of	February	1,	2021,	there	were	5,353	holders	of	record	of	our	common	stock.	A	substantially	greater	number	of	holders	of	our	common	stock	are“street	name”	or	beneficial	holders,	whose	shares	are	held	by	banks,	brokers	and	other	financial	institutions.Dividend	PolicyWe	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock.	We	currently	do	not	anticipate	paying	any	cash	dividends	in	the	foreseeablefuture.	Any	future	determination	to	declare	cash	dividends	will	be	made	at	the	discretion	of	our	board	of	directors,	subject	to	applicable	laws,	and	will	dependon	our	financial	condition,	results	of	operations,	capital	requirements,	general	business	conditions	and	other	factors	that	our	board	of	directors	may	deemrelevant.Stock	Performance	GraphThis	performance	graph	shall	not	be	deemed	“filed”	for	purposes	of	Section	18	of	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	“ExchangeAct”),	or	incorporated	by	reference	into	any	filing	of	Tesla,	Inc.	under	the	Securities	Act	of	1933,	as	amended	(the	“Securities	Act”),	or	the	Exchange	Act,	exceptas	shall	be	expressly	set	forth	by	specific	reference	in	such	filing.The	following	graph	shows	a	comparison,	from	January	1,	2016	through	December	31,	2020,	of	the	cumulative	total	return	on	our	common	stock,	TheNASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	a	group	of	all	public	companies	sharing	the	same	SIC	code	as	us,	which	is	SIC	code	3711,	“Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	CarBodies”	(Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group).	Such	returns	are	based	on	historical	results	and	are	not	intended	to	suggest	futureperformance.	Data	for	The	NASDAQ	Composite	Index	and	the	Motor	Vehicles	and	Passenger	Car	Bodies	Public	Company	Group	assumes	an	investment	of	$100on	January	1,	2016	and	reinvestment	of	dividends.	We	have	never	declared	or	paid	cash	dividends	on	our	common	stock	nor	do	we	anticipate	paying	any	suchcash	dividends	in	the	foreseeable	future.		Unregistered	Sales	of	Equity	Securities	and	Use	of	ProceedsNone.29	Purchases	of	Equity	Securities	by	the	Issuer	and	Affiliated	PurchasersNone.	ITEM	6.SELECTED	CONSOLIDATED	FINANCIAL	DATAThe	following	selected	consolidated	financial	data	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	“Management’s	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	andResults	of	Operations”	and	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	and	from	thehistorical	consolidated	financial	statements	not	included	herein	to	fully	understand	factors	that	may	affect	the	comparability	of	the	information	presented	below(in	millions,	except	per	share	data).			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019	(3)		2018	(2)		2017		2016	(1)	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations	Data:																				Total	revenues	$31,536		$24,578		$21,461		$11,759		$7,000	Gross	profit	$6,630		$4,069		$4,042		$2,223		$1,599	Income	(loss)	from	operations	$1,994		$(69)	$(388)	$(1,632)	$(667)Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to			common	stockholders	$721		$(862)	$(976)	$(1,962)	$(675)Net	income	(loss)	per	share	of			common	stock	attributable	to			common	stockholders	(4)																				Basic	$0.74		$(0.98)	$(1.14)	$(2.37)	$(0.94)Diluted	$0.64		$(0.98)	$(1.14)	$(2.37)	$(0.94)Weighted	average	shares	used	in			computing	net	income	(loss)	per			share	of	common	stock	(4)																				Basic		933			887			853			829			721	Diluted		1,083			887			853			829			721			As	of	December	31,			2020		2019	(3)		2018	(2)		2017		2016	(1)	Consolidated	Balance	Sheet	Data:																				Working	capital	(deficit)	$12,469		$1,436		$(1,686)	$(1,104)	$433	Total	assets	$52,148		$34,309		$29,740		$28,655		$22,664	Total	long-term	liabilities	$14,170		$15,532		$13,434		$15,348		$10,923	(1)We	acquired	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”)	on	November	21,	2016.	SolarCity’s	financial	results	have	been	included	in	our	financial	results	from	theacquisition	date	as	previously	reported	in	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2016.(2)We	adopted	ASC	606	in	2018.	Prior	periods	have	not	been	revised.	For	further	details,	refer	to	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies,	ofthe	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	in	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018.(3)We	adopted	ASC	842	in	2019.	Prior	periods	have	not	been	revised.	For	further	details,	refer	to	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies,	ofthe	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	in	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.(4)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	See	Note	1,	Overview,	of	the	notes	to	the	consolidated	financial	statementsincluded	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	further	details.			30	ITEM	7.MANAGEMENT’S	DISCUSSION	AND	ANALYSIS	OF	FINANCIAL	CONDITION	AND	RESULTS	OF	OPERATIONSThe	following	discussion	and	analysis	should	be	read	in	conjunction	with	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	the	related	notes	included	elsewherein	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.	For	discussion	related	to	changes	in	financial	condition	and	the	results	of	operations	for	fiscal	year	2018-related	items,refer	to	Part	II,	Item	7.	Management's	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Results	of	Operations	in	our	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	fiscalyear	2019,	which	was	filed	with	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	on	February	13,	2020.Overview	and	2020	HighlightsOur	mission	is	to	accelerate	the	world’s	transition	to	sustainable	energy.	We	design,	develop,	manufacture,	lease	and	sell	high-performance	fully	electricvehicles,	solar	energy	generation	systems	and	energy	storage	products.	We	also	offer	maintenance,	installation,	operation,	financial	and	other	services	relatedto	our	products.In	2020,	we	produced	509,737	vehicles	and	delivered	499,647	vehicles.	We	are	currently	focused	on	increasing	vehicle	production	and	capacity,developing	and	ramping	our	battery	cell	technology,	increasing	the	affordability	of	our	vehicles,	expanding	our	global	infrastructure	and	introducing	our	nextvehicles.In	2020,	we	deployed	3.02	GWh	of	energy	storage	products	and	205	megawatts	of	solar	energy	systems.	We	are	currently	focused	on	rampingproduction	of	energy	storage	products,	improving	our	Solar	Roof	installation	capability	and	efficiency	and	increasing	market	share	of	retrofit	solar	energysystems.In	2020,	we	recognized	total	revenues	of	$31.54	billion,	representing	an	increase	of	$6.96	billion	compared	to	the	prior	year.	We	continue	to	rampproduction,	build	new	manufacturing	capacity	and	expand	our	operations	to	enable	increased	deliveries	and	deployments	of	our	products	and	further	revenuegrowth.In	2020,	our	net	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders	was	$721	million,	representing	a	favorable	change	of	$1.58	billion	compared	to	the	prioryear.	In	2020,	our	operating	margin	was	6.3%,	representing	a	favorable	change	of	6.6%	compared	to	the	prior	year.	We	continue	to	focus	on	operationalefficiencies,	while	we	have	seen	an	acceleration	of	non-cash	stock-based	compensation	expense	due	to	a	rapid	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	and	updatesto	our	business	outlook.We	ended	2020	with	$19.38	billion	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents,	representing	an	increase	of	$13.12	billion	from	the	end	of	2019.	Our	cash	flows	fromoperating	activities	during	2020	was	$5.94	billion,	compared	to	$2.41	billion	during	2019,	and	capital	expenditures	amounted	to	$3.16	billion	during	2020,compared	to	$1.33	billion	during	2019.	Sustained	growth	has	allowed	our	business	to	generally	fund	itself,	but	we	will	continue	a	number	of	capital-intensiveprojects	in	upcoming	periods.Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks	and	2021	OutlookImpact	of	COVID-19	Pandemic	There	continues	to	be	worldwide	impact	from	the	COVID-19	pandemic.	While	we	have	been	relatively	successful	in	navigating	such	impact	to	date,	wehave	previously	been	affected	by	temporary	manufacturing	closures,	employment	and	compensation	adjustments,	and	impediments	to	administrative	activitiessupporting	our	product	deliveries	and	deployments.	There	are	also	ongoing	related	risks	to	our	business	depending	on	the	progression	of	the	pandemic,	andrecent	trends	in	certain	regions	have	indicated	potential	returns	to	limited	or	closed	government	functions,	business	activities	and	person-to-personinteractions.	Global	trade	conditions	and	consumer	trends	may	further	adversely	impact	us	and	our	industries.	For	example,	pandemic-related	issues	haveexacerbated	port	congestion	and	intermittent	supplier	shutdowns	and	delays,	resulting	in	additional	expenses	to	expedite	delivery	of	critical	parts.	Similarly,increased	demand	for	personal	electronics	has	created	a	shortfall	of	microchip	supply,	and	it	is	yet	unknown	how	we	may	be	impacted.	Please	see	the	“Resultsof	Operations”	section	of	this	Item	below	and	certain	risk	factors	described	in	Part	I,	Item	1A,	Risk	Factors	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K,	particularly	thefirst	risk	factor	included	there,	for	more	detailed	descriptions	of	the	impact	and	risks	to	our	business.We	cannot	predict	the	duration	or	direction	of	current	global	trends	from	this	pandemic,	the	sustained	impact	of	which	is	largely	unknown,	is	rapidlyevolving	and	has	varied	across	geographic	regions.	Ultimately,	we	continue	to	monitor	macroeconomic	conditions	to	remain	flexible	and	to	optimize	and	evolveour	business	as	appropriate,	and	we	will	have	to	accurately	project	demand	and	infrastructure	requirements	globally	and	deploy	our	production,	workforce	andother	resources	accordingly.31	Automotive—ProductionThe	following	is	a	summary	of	the	status	of	production	of	each	of	our	announced	vehicle	models	in	production	and	under	development,	as	of	the	date	ofthis	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K:	Production	Location	Vehicle	Model(s)	Production	StatusFremont	Factory	Model	S	and	Model	X	Active		Model	3	and	Model	Y	ActiveGigafactory	Shanghai	Model	3	and	Model	Y	ActiveGigafactory	Berlin	Model	Y	Constructing	manufacturing	facilitiesGigafactory	Texas	Model	Y	Constructing	manufacturing	facilities		Cybertruck	In	developmentTBD	Tesla	Semi	In	development		Tesla	Roadster	In	development	We	recently	announced	updated	versions	of	Model	S	and	Model	X	featuring	a	redesigned	powertrain	and	other	improvements.	In	2021,	we	are	focusedon	ramping	these	models	on	new	manufacturing	equipment,	as	well	as	production	rates	of	Model	3	and	Model	Y,	to	at	least	the	capacity	that	we	have	installed.The	next	phase	of	production	growth	will	depend	on	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Berlin	and	Gigafactory	Texas,	each	of	which	is	progressing	as	planned	fordeliveries	beginning	in	2021.	Our	goal	is	to	continuously	decrease	production	costs	and	increase	the	affordability	of	our	vehicles.	We	are	continuing	to	developand	manufacture	our	own	battery	cells,	with	which	we	are	targeting	high-volume	output,	lower	capital	and	production	costs	and	longer	range.	As	cell	supply	iscritical	to	our	business,	coupling	this	strategy	with	cells	from	our	suppliers	will	help	us	stay	ahead	of	any	potential	constraints.However,	these	plans	are	subject	to	uncertainties	inherent	in	establishing	and	ramping	manufacturing	operations,	which	may	be	exacerbated	by	thenumber	of	concurrent	international	projects	and	any	future	impact	from	events	outside	of	our	control	such	as	the	COVID-19	pandemic	and	any	industry-widecomponent	constraints.	Moreover,	we	must	meet	ambitious	technological	targets	with	our	plans	for	battery	cells	as	well	as	for	iterative	manufacturing	anddesign	improvements	for	our	vehicles	with	each	new	factory.Automotive—Demand	and	SalesOur	cost	reduction	efforts	and	additional	localized	procurement	and	manufacturing	are	key	to	our	vehicles’	affordability,	and	for	example	have	allowedus	to	competitively	price	our	vehicles	in	China.	In	addition	to	opening	new	factories	in	2021,	we	will	also	continue	to	generate	demand	and	brand	awareness	byimproving	our	vehicles’	functionality,	including	Autopilot,	FSD	and	software	features,	and	introducing	anticipated	future	vehicles.	Moreover,	we	expect	tobenefit	from	ongoing	electrification	of	the	automotive	sector	and	increasing	environmental	awareness.However,	we	operate	in	a	cyclical	industry	that	is	sensitive	to	trade,	environmental	and	political	uncertainty,	all	of	which	may	also	be	compounded	byany	future	global	impact	from	the	COVID-19	pandemic.	On	the	other	hand,	there	have	been	recent	signs	of	recovery	from	competitors	that	experienceddownturns	in	2020,	meaning	that	we	will	have	to	continue	to	execute	well	to	maintain	the	momentum	that	we	have	gained	relative	to	an	ever-growingcompetitive	landscape.Automotive—Deliveries	and	Customer	Infrastructure	As	our	deliveries	increase,	we	must	work	constantly	to	prevent	our	vehicle	delivery	capability	from	becoming	a	bottleneck	on	our	total	deliveries.Situating	our	factories	closer	to	local	markets	should	mitigate	the	strain	on	our	deliveries.	In	any	case,	as	we	expand,	we	will	have	to	continue	to	increase	andstaff	our	delivery,	servicing	and	charging	infrastructure,	maintain	our	vehicle	reliability	and	optimize	our	Supercharger	locations	to	ensure	cost-effectivenessand	customer	satisfaction.	In	particular,	we	remain	focused	on	increasing	the	capability	and	efficiency	of	our	servicing	operations.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	Demand,	Production	and	Deployment	The	long-term	success	of	this	business	is	dependent	upon	increasing	margins	through	greater	volumes.	We	continue	to	increase	the	production	of	ourenergy	storage	products	to	meet	high	levels	of	demand.	For	Powerwall,	better	availability	and	growing	grid	stability	concerns	drive	higher	interest,	and	cross-selling	with	our	residential	solar	energy	products	will	continue	to	benefit	both	product	lines.	We	remain	committed	to	increasing	our	retrofit	solar	energybusiness	by	offering	a	low-cost	and	simplified	online	ordering	experience.	In	addition,	we	are	working	to	improve	our	installation	capabilities	for	Solar	Roof	byon-boarding	and	training	a	large	number	of	installers	and	reducing	the	installation	time	dramatically.	As	these	product	lines	grow,	we	will	have	to	maintainadequate	battery	cell	supply	for	our	energy	storage	products	and	hire	additional	personnel,	particularly	skilled	electricians	to	support	the	ramp	of	Solar	Roof.32	Cash	Flow	and	Capital	Expenditure	TrendsOur	capital	expenditures	are	typically	difficult	to	project	beyond	the	short	term	given	the	number	and	breadth	of	our	core	projects	at	any	given	time,	anduncertainties	in	future	global	market	conditions	resulting	from	the	COVID-19	pandemic	currently	makes	projections	more	challenging.	We	are	simultaneouslyramping	new	products	in	the	new	Model	S	and	Model	X,	Model	Y	and	Solar	Roof,	constructing	or	ramping	manufacturing	facilities	on	three	continents	andpiloting	the	development	and	manufacture	of	new	battery	cell	technologies,	and	the	pace	of	our	capital	spend	may	vary	depending	on	overall	priority	amongprojects,	the	pace	at	which	we	meet	milestones,	production	adjustments	to	and	among	our	various	products,	increased	capital	efficiencies	and	the	addition	ofnew	projects.	Owing	and	subject	to	the	foregoing	as	well	as	the	pipeline	of	announced	projects	under	development	and	all	other	continuing	infrastructuregrowth,	we	currently	expect	our	capital	expenditures	to	be	$4.50	to	$6.00	billion	in	2021	and	each	of	the	next	two	fiscal	years.Our	business	has	recently	been	consistently	generating	cash	flow	from	operations	in	excess	of	our	level	of	capital	spend,	and	with	better	working	capitalmanagement	resulting	in	shorter	days	sales	outstanding	than	days	payable	outstanding,	our	sales	growth	is	also	facilitating	positive	cash	generation.	On	theother	hand,	we	are	likely	to	see	heightened	levels	of	capital	expenditures	during	certain	periods	depending	on	the	specific	pace	of	our	capital-intensive	projects.Moreover,	as	our	stock	price	has	significantly	increased	recently,	we	have	seen	higher	levels	of	early	conversions	of	“in-the-money”	convertible	senior	notes,which	obligates	us	to	deliver	cash	and	or	shares	pursuant	to	the	terms	of	those	notes.	Overall,	we	expect	our	ability	to	be	self-funding	to	continue	as	long	asmacroeconomic	factors	support	current	trends	in	our	sales.	We	also	opportunistically	strengthened	our	liquidity	further	through	an	at-the-market	offering	ofcommon	stock	in	December	2020,	with	net	proceeds	to	us	of	approximately	$4.99	billion.Operating	Expense	TrendsAs	long	as	we	see	expanding	sales,	and	excluding	the	potential	impact	of	non-cash	stock	compensation	expense	attributable	to	the	2018	CEOPerformance	Award	and	impairment	charges	on	certain	assets	as	explained	below,	we	generally	expect	operating	expenses	relative	to	revenues	to	decrease	aswe	additionally	increase	operational	efficiency	and	process	automation.In	March	2018,	our	stockholders	approved	a	performance-based	stock	option	award	to	our	CEO	(the	“2018	CEO	Performance	Award”),	consisting	of	12vesting	tranches	contingent	on	the	achievement	of	specified	market	capitalization	and	operational	milestones.	We	incur	non-cash	stock-based	compensationexpense	for	each	tranche	only	after	the	related	operational	milestone	initially	becomes	probable	of	being	met	based	on	a	subjective	assessment	of	our	futurefinancial	performance,	and	if	this	happens	following	the	grant	date,	we	record	at	such	time	a	cumulative	catch-up	expense	that	may	be	significant	based	on	thelength	of	time	elapsed	from	the	grant	date.	Moreover,	the	remaining	expense	for	that	tranche	is	ratably	recorded	over	the	period	remaining	until	the	later	of	(i)the	expected	achievement	of	the	relevant	operational	milestone	(if	it	has	not	yet	been	achieved)	and	(ii)	the	expected	achievement	of	the	related	marketcapitalization	milestone	(if	it	has	not	yet	been	achieved).	Upon	vesting	of	a	tranche,	all	remaining	associated	expense	is	recognized	immediately.	Because	theexpected	market	capitalization	achievements	are	generally	later	than	the	related	expected	operational	milestone	achievements,	the	achievement	of	the	formerearlier	than	expected	may	increase	the	magnitude	of	any	catch-up	expense	and/or	accelerate	the	rate	at	which	the	remaining	expense	is	recognized.	During2020,	several	operational	milestones	became	probable	and	several	tranches	vested,	including	as	a	result	of	our	market	capitalization	increasing	rapidly,resulting	in	the	recognition	or	acceleration	of	related	expense	earlier	than	anticipated	and	within	a	relatively	short	period	of	time.	See	Note	14,	Equity	IncentivePlans—2018	CEO	Performance	Award,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	further	detailsregarding	the	stock-based	compensation	relating	to	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award.	As	our	market	capitalization	is	unpredictable	and	our	financialperformance	improves,	it	is	possible	that	the	earlier-than-planned	recognition	of	such	expenses	will	continue	in	the	near	term.In	January	2021,	we	updated	our	investment	policy	to	provide	us	with	more	flexibility	to	further	diversify	and	maximize	returns	on	our	cash	that	is	notrequired	to	maintain	adequate	operating	liquidity.	As	part	of	the	policy,	we	may	invest	a	portion	of	such	cash	in	certain	specified	alternative	reserve	assets.Thereafter,	we	invested	an	aggregate	$1.50	billion	in	bitcoin	under	this	policy.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	begin	accepting	bitcoin	as	a	form	of	payment	for	ourproducts	in	the	near	future,	subject	to	applicable	laws	and	initially	on	a	limited	basis,	which	we	may	or	may	not	liquidate	upon	receipt.	Digital	assets	areconsidered	indefinite-lived	intangible	assets	under	applicable	accounting	rules.	Accordingly,	any	decrease	in	their	fair	values	below	our	carrying	values	for	suchassets	at	any	time	subsequent	to	their	acquisition	will	require	us	to	recognize	impairment	charges,	whereas	we	may	make	no	upward	revisions	for	any	marketprice	increases	until	a	sale.	As	we	currently	intend	to	hold	these	assets	long-term,	these	charges	may	negatively	impact	our	profitability	in	the	periods	in	whichsuch	impairments	occur	even	if	the	overall	market	values	of	these	assets	increase.33	Critical	Accounting	Policies	and	EstimatesThe	consolidated	financial	statements	are	prepared	in	accordance	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	U.S.	(“GAAP”).	The	preparationof	the	consolidated	financial	statements	requires	us	to	make	estimates	and	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,	revenues,	costsand	expenses	and	related	disclosures.	We	base	our	estimates	on	historical	experience,	as	appropriate,	and	on	various	other	assumptions	that	we	believe	to	bereasonable	under	the	circumstances.	Changes	in	the	accounting	estimates	are	reasonably	likely	to	occur	from	period	to	period.	Accordingly,	actual	results	coulddiffer	significantly	from	the	estimates	made	by	our	management.	We	evaluate	our	estimates	and	assumptions	on	an	ongoing	basis.	To	the	extent	that	there	arematerial	differences	between	these	estimates	and	actual	results,	our	future	financial	statement	presentation,	financial	condition,	results	of	operations	and	cashflows	may	be	affected.Due	to	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	there	has	been	uncertainty	and	disruption	in	the	global	economy	and	financial	markets.	The	estimates	used	for,	but	notlimited	to,	determining	significant	economic	incentive	for	resale	value	guarantee	arrangements,	sales	return	reserves,	the	collectability	of	accounts	receivable,inventory	valuation,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	goodwill,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	fair	value	and	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles	andsolar	energy	systems	subject	to	leases	could	be	impacted.	We	have	assessed	the	impact	and	are	not	aware	of	any	specific	events	or	circumstances	that	requiredan	update	to	our	estimates	and	assumptions	or	materially	affected	the	carrying	value	of	our	assets	or	liabilities	as	of	the	date	of	issuance	of	this	Annual	Report	onForm	10-K.	These	estimates	may	change	as	new	events	occur	and	additional	information	is	obtained.	Actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	these	estimatesunder	different	assumptions	or	conditions.Revenue	RecognitionAutomotive	SegmentAutomotive	Sales	RevenueAutomotive	Sales	without	Resale	Value	GuaranteeAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles	and	pay-per-use	charges,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	thatmeet	the	definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	ASC	606,	including	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	FSD	features	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	is	when	the	control	of	a	vehicle	transfers.	Paymentsare	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.	Other	features	and	services	such	as	accessto	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity	and	over-the-air	software	updates	are	provisioned	upon	control	transfer	of	a	vehicle	and	recognized	overtime	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	such	services	to	the	customer.	We	recognize	revenue	related	to	these	other	featuresand	services	over	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership	life	of	the	vehicle	or	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle.	Revenue	related	toFSD	features	is	recognized	when	functionality	is	delivered	to	the	customer.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	we	estimate	standalone	selling	priceby	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	be	available.At	the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	reduce	the	transaction	price	and	record	a	sales	return	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	variableconsideration	related	to	future	product	returns	based	on	historical	experience.	In	addition,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender	whenwe	arrange	the	financing	are	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	sales	revenue.Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	mainly	relate	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	for	the	sale	of	vehicles.	Commissions	are	not	paid	on	otherobligations	such	as	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	FSD	features	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	As	our	contract	costs	related	toautomotive	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shippingand	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	sales	revenue,	and	we	have	elected	to	recognize	the	cost	for	freight	and	shipping	when	control	over	vehicles,	parts	oraccessories	have	transferred	to	the	customer	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	fromthe	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.Automotive	Sales	with	Resale	Value	Guarantee	or	a	Buyback	OptionWe	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	certain	international	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their	vehiclesthrough	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	to	certain	leasingpartners.	Under	these	programs,	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery	and	our	counterparty	has	the	option	of	selling	theirvehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing	program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.34	With	the	exception	of	the	Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option	program	discussed	withinthe	Automotive	Leasing	section	below,	we	recognize	revenue	when	control	transfers	upon	delivery	to	customers	in	accordance	with	ASC	606	as	a	sale	with	aright	of	return	as	we	do	not	believe	the	customer	has	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them	at	contractinception.	The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant	economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s	estimated	market	value	at	the	timethe	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to	determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to	exercise.	The	performance	obligations	and	thepattern	of	recognizing	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	consistent	with	automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantees	with	the	exception	ofour	estimate	for	sales	return	reserve.	Sales	return	reserves	for	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	estimated	based	on	historical	experience	plusconsideration	for	expected	future	market	values.	On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	buyback	options	program	todetermine	whether	there	have	been	changes	to	the	likelihood	of	future	product	returns.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	buyback	values	of	ourvehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.Automotive	Regulatory	CreditsWe	earn	tradable	credits	in	the	operation	of	our	automotive	business	under	various	regulations	related	to	ZEVs,	greenhouse	gas,	fuel	economy	and	cleanfuel.	We	sell	these	credits	to	other	regulated	entities	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	emission	standards	and	other	regulatory	requirements.	Paymentsfor	automotive	regulatory	credits	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	to	the	customer,	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	thebusiness.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	automotive	regulatory	credits	at	the	time	control	of	the	regulatory	credits	is	transferred	to	the	purchasing	partyas	automotive	sales	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Automotive	Leasing	RevenueDirect	Vehicle	Operating	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	operating	leasing	programs	in	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	in	certain	countries	in	Europe.	Qualifyingcustomers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	are	required	to	return	the	vehiclesto	us	or	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	leases	in	certain	regions,	may	opt	to	purchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasingtransactions	as	operating	leases.	We	record	leasing	revenues	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term,	and	we	recordthe	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	OptionWe	offered	buyback	options	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	with	certain	leasing	partner	sales	in	the	U.S.	and	wherewe	expected	the	customer	had	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them	at	contract	inception,	we	continued	torecognize	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	These	transactions	entailed	a	transfer	of	leases,	which	we	had	originated	with	an	end-customer,	to	our	leasingpartner.	As	control	of	the	vehicles	had	not	been	transferred	in	accordance	with	ASC	606,	these	transactions	were	accounted	for	as	interest-bearingcollateralized	borrowings	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	Leases,	prior	to	January	1,	2019.	Under	this	program,	cash	was	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicleand	the	collateralized	borrowing	value	was	generally	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	and	the	customer	upfront	down	payment	was	recorded	withindeferred	revenue.	We	amortize	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	option	period	and	accrue	interestexpense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	We	capitalized	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and	werecord	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash	received	forthese	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognized	during	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	(repayments)	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financingactivities	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.	With	the	adoption	of	ASC	842	on	January	1,	2019,	all	new	agreements	under	this	program	are	accountedfor	as	operating	leases	under	ASC	842	and	there	was	no	material	change	in	the	timing	and	amount	of	revenue	recognized	over	the	term.	Consequently,	anycash	flows	for	new	agreements	are	classified	as	operating	cash	activities	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	buyback	option	amount	orpaying	a	shortfall	to	the	option	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred	revenue	and	resalevalue	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	end	customer	can	extend	the	lease	for	a	period	of	up	to	6	months.	In	cases	where	the	leasingpartner	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	after	the	end	of	our	option	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.35	Direct	Sales-Type	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	direct	leases	and	vehicles	financed	by	us	under	loan	arrangements	accounted	for	as	sales-type	leases	under	ASC	842	in	certaincountries	in	Asia	and	Europe,	which	we	introduced	in	volume	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020.	Depending	on	the	specific	program,	customers	may	or	may	nothave	a	right	to	return	the	vehicle	to	us	during	or	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term.	If	the	customer	does	not	have	a	right	to	return,	the	customer	will	take	title	to	thevehicle	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	after	making	all	contractual	payments.	Under	the	programs	for	which	there	is	a	right	to	return,	the	purchase	option	isreasonably	certain	to	be	exercised	by	the	lessee	and	we	therefore	expect	the	customer	to	take	title	to	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	after	making	allcontractual	payments.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	under	these	programs	for	up	to	48	months.	Our	loan	arrangements	underthese	programs	can	have	terms	for	up	to	72	months.	We	recognize	all	revenue	and	costs	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	as	automotive	leasing	revenue	andautomotive	leasing	cost	of	revenue,	respectively,	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Interest	income	based	on	the	implicit	rate	in	the	lease	is	recordedto	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	time	as	customers	are	invoiced	on	a	monthly	basis.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	Generation	and	Storage	SalesEnergy	generation	and	storage	sales	revenue	consists	of	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	to	residential,	small	commercial,and	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	customers,	including	solar	subscription-based	arrangements.	Energy	generation	and	storage	sales	revenue	also	includesrevenue	from	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems	and	PPAs	that	commence	after	January	1,	2019,	which	is	recognized	as	earned,	based	on	the	amount	ofcapacity	provided	for	solar	energy	systems	or	electricity	delivered	for	PPAs	at	the	contractual	billing	rates,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	havebeen	met.	Under	the	practical	expedient	available	under	ASC	606-10-55-18,	we	recognize	revenue	based	on	the	value	of	the	service	which	is	consistent	with	thebilling	amount.	Sales	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	engineering,	design	and	installation	of	thesystem.	Post-installation,	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	receive	a	proprietary	monitoring	system	that	captures	and	displays	historical	energygeneration	data.	Residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price	of	the	solar	energy	system	upfront.	Revenue	for	the	design	andinstallation	obligation	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	orthe	authority	having	jurisdiction.	Revenue	for	the	monitoring	service	is	recognized	ratably	as	a	stand-ready	obligation	over	the	warranty	period	of	the	solarenergy	system.	Sales	of	energy	storage	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	installation	of	the	energy	storage	system	andrevenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	or,	if	we	are	performing	installation,	when	installed	andcommissioned.	Payment	for	such	storage	systems	is	made	upon	invoice	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.For	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	which	consist	of	the	engineering,	design	and	installation	ofthe	system,	customers	make	milestone	payments	that	are	consistent	with	contract-specific	phases	of	a	project.	Revenue	from	such	contracts	is	recognized	overtime	using	the	percentage	of	completion	method	based	on	cost	incurred	as	a	percentage	of	total	estimated	contract	costs	for	energy	storage	system	sales	and	asa	percentage	of	total	estimated	labor	hours	for	solar	energy	system	sales.	Certain	large-scale	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energystorage	system	sales	also	include	operations	and	maintenance	service	which	are	negotiated	with	the	design	and	installation	contracts	and	are	thus	consideredto	be	a	combined	contract	with	the	design	and	installation	service.	For	certain	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storagesystems	where	the	percentage	of	completion	method	does	not	apply,	revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	beendelivered	to	the	customer	and	commissioned	for	energy	storage	systems	and	when	the	project	has	received	permission	to	operate	from	the	utility	for	solarenergy	systems.	Operations	and	maintenance	service	revenue	is	recognized	ratably	over	the	respective	contract	term	for	solar	energy	system	sales	and	upondelivery	of	the	service	for	energy	storage	system	sales.	Customer	payments	for	such	services	are	usually	paid	annually	or	quarterly	in	advance.In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	performance	obligations	in	a	single	contract,	we	allocate	the	consideration	to	the	various	obligations	in	thecontract	based	on	the	relative	standalone	selling	price	method.	Standalone	selling	prices	are	estimated	based	on	estimated	costs	plus	margin	or	by	usingmarket	data	for	comparable	products.	Costs	incurred	on	the	sale	of	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	as	workin	process	within	inventory	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offsetagainst	revenue.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	relate	mainly	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	related	to	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energystorage	systems.	As	our	contract	costs	related	to	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtaina	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.36	As	part	of	our	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts,	we	may	provide	the	customer	with	performance	guarantees	that	warrant	thatthe	underlying	system	will	meet	or	exceed	the	minimum	energy	generation	or	energy	performance	requirements	specified	in	the	contract.	In	certain	instances,we	may	receive	a	bonus	payment	if	the	system	performs	above	a	specified	level.	Conversely,	if	a	solar	energy	system	or	energy	storage	system	does	not	meetthe	performance	guarantee	requirements,	we	may	be	required	to	pay	liquidated	damages.	Other	forms	of	variable	consideration	related	to	our	large	commercialand	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts	include	variable	customer	payments	that	will	be	made	based	on	our	energy	marketparticipation	activities.	Such	guarantees	and	variable	customer	payments	represent	a	form	of	variable	consideration	and	are	estimated	at	contract	inception	attheir	most	likely	amount	and	updated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period	as	additional	performance	data	becomes	available.	Such	estimates	are	included	in	thetransaction	price	only	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	a	significant	reversal	of	revenue	will	not	occur.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers	related	to	fees	charged	for	prepayments	and	remotemonitoring	service	and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	Energy	Generation	and	Storage	LeasingFor	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	we	record	leaserevenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	the	leaseterm,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	is	recorded	asdeferred	revenue	or	deferred	asset	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	PPAs	prior	to	January	1,	2019,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreementsshould	be	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	underthe	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized	andoperations	and	maintenance	service	fees,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	Deferred	revenue	also	includesthe	portion	of	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	over	thelease	term.We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	execution	of	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems	and	PPAs,	which	include	the	referral	fees	and	salescommissions,	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	agreements.Inventory	ValuationInventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,	whichapproximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy	systems	is	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record	inventory	write-downsfor	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in	excess	of	our	futuredemand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	Thisrequires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.	Onceinventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	therestoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be	required.	Asmall	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.37	WarrantiesWe	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles	and	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	energy	generation	andstorage	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	25	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	bestestimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	when	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	todate	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	doesnot	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	operating	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	orPPAs,	as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next	12months	is	included	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other,	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balancesheets.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Stock-Based	CompensationWe	use	the	fair	value	method	of	accounting	for	our	stock	options	and	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	granted	to	employees	and	for	our	employee	stockpurchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”)	to	measure	the	cost	of	employee	services	received	in	exchange	for	the	stock-based	awards.	The	fair	value	of	stock	option	awardswith	only	service	and/or	performance	conditions	is	estimated	on	the	grant	or	offering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	Black-Scholesoption-pricing	model	requires	inputs	such	as	the	risk-free	interest	rate,	expected	term	and	expected	volatility.	These	inputs	are	subjective	and	generally	requiresignificant	judgment.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	our	common	stock.	The	resulting	cost	isrecognized	over	the	period	during	which	an	employee	is	required	to	provide	service	in	exchange	for	the	awards,	usually	the	vesting	period,	which	is	generallyfour	years	for	stock	options	and	RSUs	and	six	months	for	the	ESPP.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis,	net	of	actualforfeitures	in	the	period.For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individualperformance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards	with	a	vestingschedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	each	tranche	isrecognized	over	the	longer	of	(i)	the	expected	achievement	period	for	the	operational	milestone	for	such	tranche	and	(ii)	the	expected	achievement	period	forthe	related	market	capitalization	milestone	determined	on	the	grant	date,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	when	the	relevant	operational	milestone	is	consideredprobable	of	being	achieved.	If	such	operational	milestone	becomes	probable	any	time	after	the	grant	date,	we	will	recognize	a	cumulative	catch-up	expensefrom	the	grant	date	to	that	point	in	time.	If	the	related	market	capitalization	milestone	is	achieved	earlier	than	its	expected	achievement	period	and	theachievement	of	the	related	operational	milestone,	then	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	will	be	recognized	over	the	expected	achievement	period	for	theoperational	milestone,	which	may	accelerate	the	rate	at	which	such	expense	is	recognized.	If	additional	operational	milestones	become	probable,	stock-basedcompensation	expense	will	be	recorded	in	the	period	it	becomes	probable	including	cumulative	catch-up	expense	for	the	service	provided	since	the	grant	date.The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is	estimated	on	the	grant	date	using	Monte	Carlo	simulations.As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we	maycalculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-basedcompensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues,	research	and	developmentexpense	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.Income	TaxesWe	are	subject	to	taxes	in	the	U.S.	and	in	many	foreign	jurisdictions.	Significant	judgment	is	required	in	determining	our	provision	for	income	taxes,	ourdeferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	and	any	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	net	deferred	tax	assets.	We	make	these	estimates	and	judgments	about	ourfuture	taxable	income	that	are	based	on	assumptions	that	are	consistent	with	our	future	plans.	Tax	laws,	regulations	and	administrative	practices	may	besubject	to	change	due	to	economic	or	political	conditions	including	fundamental	changes	to	the	tax	laws	applicable	to	corporate	multinationals.	The	U.S.,	manycountries	in	the	European	Union	and	a	number	of	other	countries	are	actively	considering	changes	in	this	regard.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	recorded	afull	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	because	we	expect	that	it	is	more	likely	than	not	that	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	will	not	berealized.	Should	the	actual	amounts	differ	from	our	estimates,	the	amount	of	our	valuation	allowance	could	be	materially	impacted.38	Furthermore,	significant	judgment	is	required	in	evaluating	our	tax	positions.	In	the	ordinary	course	of	business,	there	are	many	transactions	andcalculations	for	which	the	ultimate	tax	settlement	is	uncertain.	As	a	result,	we	recognize	the	effect	of	this	uncertainty	on	our	tax	attributes	or	taxes	payablebased	on	our	estimates	of	the	eventual	outcome.	These	effects	are	recognized	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believethat	it	is	likely	that	some	of	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	We	are	required	to	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.	andvarious	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	requires	us	to	interpret	the	applicable	tax	laws	and	regulations	in	effect	in	such	jurisdictions.	Such	returns	are	subject	toaudit	by	the	various	federal,	state	and	foreign	taxing	authorities,	who	may	disagree	with	respect	to	our	tax	positions.	We	believe	that	our	consideration	isadequate	for	all	open	audit	years	based	on	our	assessment	of	many	factors,	including	past	experience	and	interpretations	of	tax	law.	We	review	and	update	ourestimates	in	light	of	changing	facts	and	circumstances,	such	as	the	closing	of	a	tax	audit,	the	lapse	of	a	statute	of	limitations	or	a	change	in	estimate.	To	theextent	that	the	final	tax	outcome	of	these	matters	differs	from	our	expectations,	such	differences	may	impact	income	tax	expense	in	the	period	in	which	suchdetermination	is	made.	The	eventual	impact	on	our	income	tax	expense	depends	in	part	if	we	still	have	a	valuation	allowance	recorded	against	our	deferred	taxassets	in	the	period	that	such	determination	is	made.Principles	of	ConsolidationThe	consolidated	financial	statements	reflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.In	accordance	with	the	provisions	of	ASC	810,	Consolidation,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary.	Weform	VIEs	with	our	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	certain	attributes	associatedwith	our	solar	energy	systems	and	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	isholding	a	majority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangementsthat	do	not	involve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	theactivities	of	the	VIE	that	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	besignificant	to	the	VIE	or	the	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	havea	majority	ownership	interest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	all	the	VIEs.	Weevaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	All	intercompany	transactions	andbalances	have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	InterestsNoncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding	arrangements,or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the	contractualprovisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrollinginterest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	thehypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrollinginterests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	asnoncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	asnoncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	represent	the	amounts	the	third	parties	wouldhypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	theirrecorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance	sheet	date	and	distributed	to	the	third	parties.	The	thirdparties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interestbalances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	thefunds	and	the	third	parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemablenoncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third	parties	have	theright	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.	For	certain	funds,	there	may	be	significant	fluctuations	in	net	income	(loss)	attributable	tononcontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	due	to	changes	in	the	liquidation	provisions	as	time-based	milestones	arereached.	39	Results	of	OperationsEffects	of	COVID-19The	COVID-19	pandemic	impacted	our	business	and	financial	results	in	2020.The	temporary	suspension	of	production	at	our	factories	during	the	first	half	of	2020	caused	production	limitations	that,	together	with	reduced	or	closedgovernment	and	third	party	partner	operations	in	the	year,	negatively	impacted	our	deliveries	and	deployments	in	2020.	While	we	resumed	operations	at	all	ofour	factories	worldwide,	our	temporary	suspension	at	our	factories	resulted	in	idle	capacity	charges	as	we	still	incurred	fixed	costs	such	as	depreciation,	certainpayroll	related	expenses	and	property	taxes.	As	part	of	our	response	strategy	to	the	business	disruptions	and	uncertainty	around	macroeconomic	conditionscaused	by	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	we	instituted	cost	reduction	initiatives	across	our	business	globally	to	be	commensurate	to	the	scope	of	our	operations	whilethey	were	scaled	back	in	the	first	half	of	2020.	This	included	temporary	labor	cost	reduction	measures	such	as	employee	furloughs	and	compensationreductions.	Additionally,	we	suspended	non-critical	operating	spend	and	opportunistically	renegotiated	supplier	and	vendor	arrangements.	As	part	of	variousgovernmental	responses	to	the	pandemic	granted	to	companies	globally,	we	received	certain	payroll	related	benefits	which	helped	to	reduce	the	impact	of	theCOVID-19	pandemic	on	our	financial	results.	Such	payroll	related	benefits	related	to	our	direct	headcount	have	been	primarily	netted	against	our	disclosed	idlecapacity	charges	and	they	marginally	reduced	our	operating	expenses.	The	impact	of	the	idle	capacity	charges	incurred	during	the	first	half	of	2020	werealmost	entirely	offset	by	our	cost	savings	initiatives	and	payroll	related	benefits.	Revenues			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Automotive	sales	$26,184		$19,952		$17,632		$6,232			31%	$2,320			13%Automotive	leasing		1,052			869			883			183			21%		(14)		-2%Total	automotive	revenues		27,236			20,821			18,515			6,415			31%		2,306			12%Services	and	other		2,306			2,226			1,391			80			4%		835			60%Total	automotive	&	services	and	other			segment	revenue		29,542			23,047			19,906			6,495			28%		3,141			16%Energy	generation	and	storage	segment	revenue		1,994			1,531			1,555			463			30%		(24)		-2%Total	revenues	$31,536		$24,578		$21,461		$6,958			28%	$3,117			15%	Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	SegmentAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	cash	deliveries	of	new	Model	S,	Model	X,	Model	3	and	Model	Y	vehicles,	including	access	to	ourSupercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	FSD	features	and	over-the-air	software	updates,	as	well	as	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotivemanufacturers.	Cash	deliveries	are	vehicles	that	are	not	subject	to	lease	accounting.	Our	revenue	from	regulatory	credits	fluctuates	depending	on	when	acontract	is	executed	with	a	buyer	and	when	the	credits	are	delivered.Automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	revenue	for	vehicles	under	direct	operating	lease	agreements	as	well	as	those	sold	with	resalevalue	guarantees	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	under	lease	accounting.	We	began	offering	direct	leasing	for	Model	3	vehicles	in	the	second	quarter	of	2019and	we	began	offering	direct	leasing	for	Model	Y	vehicles	in	the	third	quarter	of	2020.	Additionally,	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	direct	sales-typeleasing	programs	where	we	recognize	all	revenue	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	we	introduced	in	volume	during	thethird	quarter	of	2020.Services	and	other	revenue	consists	of	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	retail	merchandise,	sales	by	our	acquiredsubsidiaries	to	third	party	customers	and	vehicle	insurance	revenue.40	2020	compared	to	2019Automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$6.23	billion,	or	31%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	129,268	Model	3	and	Model	Y	cash	deliveries	despite	production	limitations	as	a	result	of	temporary	suspension	ofproduction	at	the	Fremont	Factory	and	Gigafactory	Nevada	during	the	first	half	of	2020.	We	were	able	to	increase	deliveries	year	over	year	from	productionramping	at	both	Gigafactory	Shanghai	and	the	Fremont	Factory.	There	was	also	an	increase	of	$986	million	from	additional	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	$1.58billion	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	Additionally,	due	to	pricing	adjustments	we	made	to	our	vehicle	offerings	during	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	we	estimated	that	there	was	a	greater	likelihood	that	customers	would	exercise	their	buyback	options	and	adjusted	our	sales	return	reserve	on	vehiclespreviously	sold	under	our	buyback	options	program	which	resulted	in	a	reduction	of	automotive	sales	revenue	of	$555	million.	We	made	further	pricingadjustments	that	resulted	in	a	similar	but	smaller	reduction	of	automotive	sales	revenue	of	$72	million	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	The	smallerreduction	in	revenue	from	pricing	adjustments	resulted	in	a	positive	impact	to	automotive	sales	revenue	of	$483	million	year	over	year.	These	factors	increasingautomotive	sales	revenue	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	combined	average	selling	price	of	Model	3	and	Model	Y.	Despite	the	inclusion	of	higherpriced	Model	Y	deliveries	in	2020,	the	combined	average	selling	price	of	Model	3	and	Model	Y	decreased	due	to	a	higher	proportion	of	Model	3	Standard	Rangevariants	in	our	sales	mix	compared	to	the	prior	year.	Additionally,	there	was	a	decrease	in	automotive	sales	revenue	from	8,669	fewer	Model	S	and	Model	Xcash	deliveries	at	a	relatively	consistent	combined	average	selling	price	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	compared	to	the	prior	year.Automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$183	million,	or	21%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	cumulative	vehicles	under	our	direct	operating	lease	program	and	the	introduction	of	direct	sales-type	leasing	programs	whichwe	began	offering	in	volume	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020	where	we	recognize	all	revenue	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	upon	delivery	to	thecustomer.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	the	decreases	in	automotive	leasing	revenue	associated	with	our	resale	value	guarantee	leasing	programsaccounted	for	as	operating	leases	as	those	portfolios	have	declined.Services	and	other	revenue	increased	$80	million,	or	4%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	non-warranty	maintenance	services	revenue	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow,	an	increase	in	retail	merchandise	revenue	andan	increase	in	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers	as	we	had	a	partial	year	of	sales	in	the	prior	year	from	our	mid-year	2019	acquisitions.These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	used	vehicle	revenue	driven	by	a	reduction	in	non-Tesla	trade-ins.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	sales	and	leasing	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products,	services	related	to	suchproducts	and	sales	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.2020	compared	to	2019Energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$463	million,	or	30%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2019,	primarily	due	to	increases	in	deployments	of	Megapack,	solar	cash	and	loan	jobs	and	Powerwall,	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	indeployments	of	Powerpack	and	reduced	average	selling	prices	on	our	solar	cash	and	loan	jobs	as	a	result	of	our	low	cost	solar	strategy.	Powerpack	deploymentshave	decreased	following	the	introduction	of	our	Megapack	product,	which	we	began	deploying	in	late	2019.41	Cost	of	Revenues	and	Gross	Margin			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Cost	of	revenues																												Automotive	sales	$19,696		$15,939		$13,686		$3,757			24%	$2,253			16%Automotive	leasing		563			459			488			104			23%		(29)		-6%Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues		20,259			16,398			14,174			3,861			24%		2,224			16%Services	and	other		2,671			2,770			1,880			(99)		-4%		890			47%Total	automotive	&	services	and	other			segment	cost	of	revenues		22,930			19,168			16,054			3,762			20%		3,114			19%Energy	generation	and	storage	segment		1,976			1,341			1,365			635			47%		(24)		-2%Total	cost	of	revenues	$24,906		$20,509		$17,419		$4,397			21%	$3,090			18%Gross	profit	total	automotive	$6,977		$4,423		$4,341																	Gross	margin	total	automotive		26%		21%		23%																Gross	profit	total	automotive	&	services	and	other			segment	$6,612		$3,879		$3,852																	Gross	margin	total	automotive	&	services	and	other			segment		22%		17%		19%																Gross	profit	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	$18		$190		$190																	Gross	margin	energy	generation	and	storage	segment		1%		12%		12%																Total	gross	profit	$6,630		$4,069		$4,042																	Total	gross	margin		21%		17%		19%																Automotive	&	Services	and	Other	SegmentCost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	tooling	andmachinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	andreserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	thecarrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasteddemand.Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	cost	of	goods	sold	associated	with	directsales-type	leases	which	were	introduced	in	volume	in	the	third	quarter	of	2020,	as	well	as	warranty	expenses	related	to	leased	vehicles.	Cost	of	automotiveleasing	revenue	also	includes	vehicle	connectivity	costs	and	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	for	vehiclesunder	our	leasing	programs.Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warranty	after-sales	services,	costs	to	acquire	and	certify	used	vehicles,costs	for	retail	merchandise,	and	costs	to	provide	vehicle	insurance.	Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	also	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs	andmanufacturing	overhead	associated	with	the	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.2020	compared	to	2019Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	increased	$3.76	billion,	or	24%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	129,268	Model	3	and	Model	Y	cash	deliveries.	Due	to	pricing	adjustments	we	made	to	our	vehicle	offerings	during	theyear	ended	December	31,	2019,	we	estimated	that	there	was	a	greater	likelihood	that	customers	would	exercise	their	buyback	options	and	if	customers	elect	toexercise	the	buyback	option,	we	expect	to	be	able	to	subsequently	resell	the	returned	vehicles,	which	resulted	in	a	reduction	of	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenueof	$451	million.	We	made	further	pricing	adjustments	that	resulted	in	a	similar	but	smaller	reduction	of	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	of	$42	million	duringthe	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	Additionally,	there	was	an	increase	to	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	from	idle	capacity	charges	of	$213	million	as	aresult	of	temporary	suspension	of	production	at	the	Fremont	Factory	and	Gigafactory	Nevada	during	the	first	half	of	2020.	These	factors	increasing	cost	ofautomotive	sales	revenue	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	average	Model	3	costs	per	unit	due	to	lower	material,	manufacturing,	freight	and	duty	costsfrom	localized	procurement	and	manufacturing	in	China	and	a	higher	sales	mix	of	lower	end	trims,	as	well	as	a	decrease	of	8,669	Model	S	and	Model	X	cashdeliveries	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	compared	to	the	prior	year.42	Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	increased	$104	million,	or	23%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	primarily	due	to	an	increase	in	cumulative	vehicles	under	our	direct	operating	lease	program	and	the	introduction	of	direct	sales-type	leasing	programswhich	we	began	offering	in	volume	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020	where	we	recognize	all	cost	of	revenue	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	upon	delivery	tothe	customer.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	the	decreases	in	cost	of	automotive	lease	revenue	associated	with	our	resale	value	guarantee	leasingprograms	which	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	as	those	portfolios	have	declined.Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	decreased	$99	million,	or	4%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019,	primarily	due	to	a	decrease	in	used	vehicle	cost	of	revenue	driven	by	a	reduction	in	non-Tesla	trade-ins,	partially	offset	by	increases	in	non-warrantymaintenance	services	as	our	fleet	continues	to	grow	and	an	increase	in	costs	of	retail	merchandise	as	our	sales	have	increased.Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	increased	from	21%	to	26%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,primarily	due	to	an	improvement	of	Model	3	gross	margin	primarily	from	lower	material,	manufacturing,	freight	and	duty	costs	from	localized	procurement	andmanufacturing	in	China,	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	the	average	selling	price	of	Model	3	due	to	a	higher	proportion	of	Model	3	Standard	Range	variants	inour	sales	mix	compared	to	the	prior	year.	Additionally,	there	was	an	increase	of	$986	million	in	sales	of	regulatory	credits	and	a	positive	impact	from	Model	Ydeliveries	in	2020	as	Model	Y	gross	margin	was	higher	than	our	prior	year	total	automotive	gross	margin.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	idle	capacitycharges	of	$213	million	as	a	result	of	a	temporary	suspension	of	production	at	the	Fremont	Factory	and	Gigafactory	Nevada	during	the	first	half	of	2020.Gross	margin	for	total	automotive	&	services	and	other	segment	increased	from	17%	to	22%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	theyear	ended	December	31,	2019,	primarily	due	to	the	automotive	gross	margin	impacts	discussed	above	and	a	lower	proportion	of	services	and	other,	whichoperated	at	a	lower	gross	margin	than	our	automotive	business,	within	the	segment	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	Additionally,	there	was	animprovement	in	our	non-warranty	maintenance	services	gross	margin	due	to	increased	operational	efficiencies	despite	additional	costs	from	ramping	servicecenters	to	accommodate	a	larger	deployed	fleet	and	an	improvement	in	our	used	vehicle	sales	gross	margin.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentCost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,	otheroverhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	also	includes	charges	to	write	down	thecarrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasteddemand.	In	agreements	for	solar	energy	system	and	PPAs	where	we	are	the	lessor,	the	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	ofleased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and	amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.2020	compared	to	2019Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	increased	by	$635	million,	or	47%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2019,	primarily	due	to	increases	in	deployments	of	Megapack,	higher	costs	from	temporary	manufacturing	underutilization	of	our	Solar	Rooframp,	increases	in	deployments	of	Powerwall	and	idle	capacity	charges	of	$20	million	as	a	result	of	temporary	suspension	of	production	at	Gigafactory	NewYork	during	the	first	half	of	2020.	These	increases	were	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	in	deployments	of	Powerpack.Gross	margin	for	energy	generation	and	storage	decreased	from	12%	to	1%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2019	primarily	due	to	a	higher	proportion	of	Solar	Roof	in	our	overall	energy	business	which	operated	at	lower	gross	margins	as	a	result	oftemporary	manufacturing	underutilization	during	product	ramp.	Additionally,	there	were	lower	gross	margins	in	our	solar	cash	and	loan	business	from	reducedaverage	selling	prices	as	a	result	of	our	low	cost	solar	strategy,	partially	offset	by	lower	materials	and	manufacturing	costs.Research	and	Development	Expense			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Research	and	development	$1,491		$1,343		$1,460		$148			11%	$(117)		-8%As	a	percentage	of	revenues		5%		5%		7%																Research	and	development	(“R&D”)	expenses	consist	primarily	of	personnel	costs	for	our	teams	in	engineering	and	research,	manufacturing	engineeringand	manufacturing	test	organizations,	prototyping	expense,	contract	and	professional	services	and	amortized	equipment	expense.43	R&D	expenses	increased	$148	million,	or	11%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.	The	increasewas	primarily	due	to	a	$62	million	increase	in	expensed	materials	as	we	continue	to	expand	our	product	roadmap,	$61	million	increase	in	stock-basedcompensation	expense	primarily	related	to	the	issuance	of	equity	awards	in	fiscal	year	2020	at	higher	grant	date	fair	values	due	to	our	increased	share	price,$20	million	increase	in	facilities,	freight	and	depreciation	expenses	and	a	$20	million	increase	in	employee	and	labor	related	expenses.R&D	expenses	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	decreased	from	5.5%	to	4.7%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2019.	The	decrease	is	primarily	an	increase	in	total	revenues	from	expanding	sales,	partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	our	R&D	expenses	asdetailed	above.Selling,	General	and	Administrative	Expense			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Selling,	general	and	administrative	$3,145		$2,646		$2,835		$499			19%	$(189)		-7%As	a	percentage	of	revenues		10%		11%		13%																Selling,	general	and	administrative	(“SG&A”)	expenses	generally	consist	of	personnel	and	facilities	costs	related	to	our	stores,	marketing,	sales,executive,	finance,	human	resources,	information	technology	and	legal	organizations,	as	well	as	fees	for	professional	and	contract	services	and	litigationsettlements.SG&A	expenses	increased	$499	million,	or	19%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.	The	increaseis	primarily	due	to	an	increase	of	$625	million	in	stock-based	compensation	expense,	of	which	$542	million	was	attributable	to	the	2018	CEO	PerformanceAward.	We	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$838	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	for	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	comparedto	$296	million	in	the	prior	year.	Of	the	expense	recorded	in	fiscal	year	2020,	$232	million	was	due	to	cumulative	catch-up	expense	for	the	service	providedfrom	the	grant	date	when	three	operational	milestones	under	such	award	were	considered	probable	of	being	met	and	the	remaining	unamortized	expense	of$357	million	for	the	first	four	tranches	were	recognized	upon	vesting	as	the	first	four	market	capitalization	milestones	were	achieved	(see	Note	14,	EquityIncentive	Plans,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K).	The	remaining	stock-based	compensationexpense	increase	of	$83	million	attributable	to	other	directors	and	employees	is	primarily	related	to	the	issuance	of	equity	awards	in	fiscal	year	2020	at	highergrant	date	fair	values	due	to	our	increased	share	price.	The	increase	in	stock-based	compensation	was	partially	offset	by	a	decrease	of	$90	million	in	customerpromotional	costs,	facilities-related	expenses	and	sales	and	marketing	activities.	Additionally,	there	was	a	reduction	to	operating	expenses	for	costs	previouslyincurred	in	the	amount	of	$43	million	for	the	settlement	in	part	of	the	securities	litigation	relating	to	the	SolarCity	acquisition	(see	Note	16,	Commitments	andContingencies—Legal	Proceedings—Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	Acquisition,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	inthis	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K).SG&A	expenses	as	a	percentage	of	revenue	decreased	from	11%	to	10%	in	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019.	The	decrease	is	primarily	from	an	increase	in	total	revenues	from	expanding	sales,	partially	offset	by	an	increase	in	our	SG&A	expenses	as	detailedabove.Restructuring	and	other			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Restructuring	and	other	$—		$149		$135		$(149)	-100%		$14		10%	As	a	percentage	of	revenues		0%		1%		1%																During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	we	carried	out	certain	restructuring	actions	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency.					There	wereno	restructuring	actions	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.Interest	Expense			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Interest	expense	$(748)	$(685)	$(663)	$(63)		9%	$(22)		3%As	a	percentage	of	revenues		2%		3%		3%																44	Interest	expense	increased	by	$63	million,	or	9%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	primarilydue	to	$105	million	of	losses	on	extinguishment	of	debt	in	fiscal	year	2020	from	early	conversions	on	our	convertible	senior	notes,	partially	offset	by	a	decreasein	interest	expense	due	to	a	decrease	in	our	weighted	average	interest	rate	as	compared	to	the	prior	year	and	an	increase	of	$17	million	in	the	amount	ofinterest	we	capitalized	from	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	to	property,	plant	and	equipment	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Increasedcapitalization	results	in	lower	interest	expense.	The	amount	of	interest	we	capitalize	is	driven	by	our	construction	in	progress	balance,	which	increased	year-over-year	due	to	our	construction	and	expansion	of	multiple	factories.Other	Income	(Expense),	Net			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change	2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%	$		%	Other	(expense)	income,	net	$(122)	$45		$22		$(167)	Notmeaningful	$23		105%	As	a	percentage	of	revenues		0%		0%		0%														Other	(expense)	income,	net,	consists	primarily	of	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	related	to	our	foreign	currency-denominated	monetary	assets	andliabilities	and	changes	in	the	fair	values	of	our	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swaps.	We	expect	our	foreign	exchange	gains	and	losses	will	vary	depending	uponmovements	in	the	underlying	exchange	rates.Other	(expense)	income,	net,	changed	unfavorably	by	$167	million		in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019.	The	unfavorable	change	was	primarily	due	to	fluctuations	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	such	as	the	U.S.	dollar	depreciating	greater	than	5%against	the	euro	and	the	Chinese	yuan	in	2020	compared	to	an	appreciation	of	2%	and	1%	against	the	same	currencies	in	the	prior	year,	respectively.Provision	for	Income	Taxes			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%	Provision	for	income	taxes	$292		$110		$58		$182			165%	$52			90%Effective	tax	rate		25%		-17%		-6%																Our	provision	for	income	taxes	increased	by	$182	million,	or	165%,	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,2019.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	substantial	increases	in	taxable	profits	in	our	foreign	jurisdictions	year-over-year.Our	effective	tax	rate	increased	from	-17%	to	25%	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	prior	year,	primarily	due	to	substantial	pre-tax	income	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	a	pre-tax	loss	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.Net	Income	(Loss)	Attributable	to	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests			Year	Ended	December	31,		2020	vs.	2019	Change		2019	vs.	2018	Change(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018		$		%		$		%Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and			redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	$141		$87		$(87)	$54		62%		$174		Notmeaningful	Our	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	was	related	to	financing	fund	arrangements.Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	increased	by	$54	million,	or	62%,	in	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.	The	increase	was	primarily	due	to	lower	activities	from	new	financing	fundarrangements.Liquidity	and	Capital	ResourcesAs	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	$19.38	billion	of	cash	and	cash	equivalents.	Balances	held	in	foreign	currencies	had	a	U.S.	dollar	equivalent	of$6.76	billion	and	consisted	primarily	of	euros,	Chinese	yuan	and	Canadian	dollars.	Our	sources	of	cash	are45	predominantly	from	our	deliveries	of	vehicles,	sales	and	installations	of	our	energy	storage	products	and	solar	energy	systems,	proceeds	from	debt	facilities,proceeds	from	financing	funds	and	proceeds	from	equity	offerings.Our	sources	of	liquidity	and	cash	flows	enable	us	to	fund	ongoing	operations,	research	and	development	projects	for	new	products	and	technologiesincluding	our	announced	proprietary	battery	cells,	ongoing	production	and	additional	manufacturing	ramps	at	existing	manufacturing	facilities	such	as	theFremont	Factory,	Gigafactory	Nevada,	Gigafactory	Shanghai	and	Gigafactory	New	York,	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Berlin	and	Gigafactory	Texas,	and	thecontinued	expansion	of	our	retail	and	service	locations,	body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet,	Supercharger	network	and	energy	product	installation	capabilities.As	discussed	in	and	subject	to	the	considerations	referenced	in	Part	II,	Item	7,	Management's	Discussion	and	Analysis	of	Financial	Condition	and	Resultsof	Operations—Management	Opportunities,	Challenges	and	Risks	and	2021	Outlook—Cash	Flow	and	Capital	Expenditure	Trends	in	this	Annual	Report	onForm	10-K,	we	currently	expect	our	capital	expenditures	to	be	$4.50	to	$6.00	billion	in	2021	and	in	each	of	the	next	two	fiscal	years.We	expect	that	the	cash	we	generate	from	our	core	operations	will	generally	be	sufficient	to	cover	our	future	capital	expenditures	and	to	pay	down	ournear-term	debt	obligations,	although	we	may	choose	to	seek	alternative	financing	sources.	For	example,	our	local	subsidiary	has	entered	into	credit	facilities	tosupport	construction	and	production	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	See	Note	12,	Debt,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	AnnualReport	on	Form	10-K.	As	always,	we	continually	evaluate	our	capital	expenditure	needs	and	may	decide	it	is	best	to	raise	additional	capital	to	fund	the	rapidgrowth	of	our	business.In	January	2021,	we	updated	our	investment	policy	to	provide	us	with	more	flexibility	to	further	diversify	and	maximize	returns	on	our	cash	that	is	notrequired	to	maintain	adequate	operating	liquidity.	As	part	of	the	policy,	we	may	invest	a	portion	of	such	cash	in	certain	specified	alternative	reserve	assets.Thereafter,	we	invested	an	aggregate	$1.50	billion	in	bitcoin	under	this	policy.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	begin	accepting	bitcoin	as	a	form	of	payment	for	ourproducts	in	the	near	future,	subject	to	applicable	laws	and	initially	on	a	limited	basis,	which	we	may	or	may	not	liquidate	upon	receipt.	We	believe	our	bitcoinholdings	are	highly	liquid.	However,	digital	assets	may	be	subject	to	volatile	market	prices,	which	may	be	unfavorable	at	the	time	when	we	want	or	need	toliquidate	them.We	have	an	agreement	to	spend	or	incur	$5.0	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	in	the	State	of	NewYork	during	the	10-year	period	beginning	April	30,	2018,	which	we	expect	to	meet	through	our	operations.	As	we	temporarily	suspended	most	of	ourmanufacturing	operations	at	Gigafactory	New	York	pursuant	to	a	New	York	State	executive	order	issued	in	March	2020	as	a	result	of	the	COVID-19	pandemic,we	were	granted	a	one-year	deferral	of	our	obligation	to	be	compliant	as	of	April	30,	2020	with	our	applicable	targets	under	such	agreement.We	expect	that	our	current	sources	of	liquidity	together	with	our	projection	of	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	will	provide	us	with	adequate	liquidityover	at	least	the	next	12	months,	even	considering	the	expected	levels	of	capital	expenditures	in	the	current	and	next	two	fiscal	years.	A	large	portion	of	ourfuture	expenditures	is	to	fund	our	growth,	and	we	can	adjust	our	capital	and	operating	expenditures	by	operating	segment,	including	future	expansion	of	ourproduct	offerings,	retail	and	service	locations,	body	shops,	Mobile	Service	fleet,	and	Supercharger	network.	For	example,	if	our	near-term	manufacturingoperations	decrease	in	scale	or	ramp	more	slowly	than	expected,	including	due	to	global	economic	conditions	and	levels	of	consumer	outlook	and	spendimpacting	demand	in	the	worldwide	transportation,	automotive	and	energy	product	industries,	we	may	choose	to	correspondingly	slow	the	pace	of	our	capitalexpenditures.	We	may	need	or	want	to	raise	additional	funds	in	the	future,	and	these	funds	may	not	be	available	to	us	when	we	need	or	want	them,	or	at	all.	Ifwe	cannot	raise	additional	funds	when	we	need	or	want	them,	our	operations	and	prospects	could	be	negatively	affected.In	addition,	we	had	$2.63	billion	of	unused	committed	amounts	under	our	credit	facilities	and	financing	funds	as	of	December	31,	2020,	some	of	whichare	subject	to	satisfying	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down	(such	as	pledging	to	our	lenders	sufficient	amounts	of	qualified	receivables,	inventories,	leasedvehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases,	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts,	our	interests	in	financing	funds	or	various	other	assets;and	contributing	or	selling	qualified	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	or	qualified	leased	vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leasesinto	the	financing	funds).	For	details	regarding	our	indebtedness	and	financing	funds,	refer	to	Note	12,	Debt,	and	Note	17,	Variable	Interest	EntityArrangements	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.Summary	of	Cash	Flows			Year	Ended	December	31,	(Dollars	in	millions)	2020		2019		2018	Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities	$5,943		$2,405		$2,098	Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities	$(3,132)	$(1,436)	$(2,337)Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities	$9,973		$1,529		$574	46		Cash	Flows	from	Operating	ActivitiesOur	cash	flows	from	operating	activities	are	significantly	affected	by	our	cash	investments	to	support	the	growth	of	our	business	in	areas	such	asresearch	and	development	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	and	working	capital,	especially	inventory,	which	includes	vehicles	in	transit.	Our	operatingcash	inflows	include	cash	from	vehicle	sales,	customer	lease	payments,	customer	deposits,	cash	from	sales	of	regulatory	credits	and	energy	generation	andstorage	products.	These	cash	inflows	are	offset	by	our	payments	to	suppliers	for	production	materials	and	parts	used	in	our	manufacturing	process,	operatingexpenses,	operating	lease	payments	and	interest	payments	on	our	financings.Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities	increased	by	$3.54	billion	to	$5.94	billion	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	from	$2.40	billion	duringthe	year	ended	December	31,	2019.	This	increase	was	primarily	due	to	the	increase	in	net	income	excluding	non-cash	expenses	and	gains	of	$2.82	billion,	thedecrease	in	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	of	$533	million	and	$188	million	of	the	repayment	of	our	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019	during	thethree	months	ended	March	31,	2019	(which	represents	the	portion	of	the	repayment	that	was	classified	as	an	operating	activity,	as	this	represented	an	interestpayment	on	the	deeply-discounted	convertible	senior	notes).	The	decrease	in	our	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	was	mainly	driven	by	a	larger	increase	inaccounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	as	compared	to	the	prior	year	from	ramp	up	in	production	at	the	FremontFactory	and	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	The	decrease	in	our	net	operating	assets	and	liabilities	was	partially	offset	by	a	smaller	increase	in	deferred	revenueprimarily	due	to	delivery	of	regulatory	credits	in	2020	under	a	previous	arrangement	where	we	had	received	payment	in	advance	as	of	December	31,	2019,	alarger	increase	in	operating	lease	vehicles	as	Model	3	direct	leasing	was	introduced	in	the	second	quarter	of	2019	and	Model	Y	direct	leasing	was	introduced	inthe	third	quarter	of	2020,	and	a	larger	increase	in	accounts	receivables	of	government	rebates	already	passed	through	to	customers.Cash	Flows	from	Investing	ActivitiesCash	flows	from	investing	activities	and	their	variability	across	each	period	related	primarily	to	capital	expenditures,	which	were	$3.16	billion	for	theyear	ended	December	31,	2020,	mainly	for	Model	Y	production	expansion	at	the	Fremont	Factory,	expansion	of	Gigafactory	Shanghai	and	construction	ofGigafactory	Berlin	and	Gigafactory	Texas,	and	$1.33	billion	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	mainly	for	Gigafactory	Shanghai	construction,	Model	3production	ramp	and	Model	Y	preparations.	The	increase	in	capital	expenditures	was	partially	offset	by	decreases	of	$32	million	in	business	combinations,	netof	cash	acquired,	and	$30	million	of	design,	acquisition	and	installation	of	solar	energy	systems	when	compared	to	the	prior	year.	Additionally,	we	received$123	million	and	$46	million,	respectively,	of	government	grants	in	connection	with	us	making	certain	manufacturing	equipment	investments	at	GigafactoryShanghai	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	respectively.Cash	Flows	from	Financing	ActivitiesCash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	consisted	primarily	of	$12.27	billion	from	issuance	of	common	stock	inpublic	offerings	in	2020,	net	of	issuance	costs,	and	$417	million	of	proceeds	from	exercise	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances.	These	cash	inflows	werepartially	offset	by	$1.99	billion	of	cash	repayments	upon	early	conversions	of	our	convertible	senior	notes,	$338	million	principal	repayments	of	our	financeleases,	collateralized	lease	repayments	of	$240	million	and	$219	million	net	payments	to	financing	fund	investors.	See	Note	12,	Debt,	and	Note	2,	Summary	ofSignificant	Accounting	Policies,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K	for	further	details	regardingour	debt	obligations	and	collateralized	borrowings,	respectively.Cash	flows	from	financing	activities	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019	consisted	primarily	of	$1.82	billion	from	the	issuance	of	the	2.00%Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2024	(“2024	Notes”),	net	of	transaction	costs,	and	$848	million	from	the	issuance	of	common	stock,	net	of	underwritingdiscounts,	in	registered	public	offerings,	$736	million	of	net	borrowings	under	loan	agreements	entered	into	by	certain	Chinese	subsidiaries,	$394	million	of	netborrowings	for	automotive	asset-backed	notes	and	$174	million	from	the	issuance	of	warrants	in	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2024	Notes.	These	cashinflows	were	partially	offset	by	a	$732	million	portion	of	the	repayment	of	our	0.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019	that	was	classified	as	financingactivity,	a	$566	million	repayment	of	our	1.625%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019,	a	purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges	of	$476	million	in	connectionwith	the	offering	of	the	2024	Notes	and	collateralized	lease	repayments	of	$389	million.47	Contractual	ObligationsWe	are	party	to	contractual	obligations	involving	commitments	to	make	payments	to	third	parties,	including	certain	debt	financing	arrangements	andleases,	primarily	for	stores,	service	centers,	certain	manufacturing	facilities	and	certain	corporate	offices.	These	also	include,	as	part	of	our	normal	businesspractices,	contracts	with	suppliers	for	purchases	of	certain	raw	materials,	components	and	services	to	facilitate	adequate	supply	of	these	materials	and	servicesand	capacity	reservation	contracts.	The	following	table	sets	forth,	as	of	December	31,	2020,	certain	significant	obligations	that	will	affect	our	future	liquidity	(inmillions):							Year	Ended	December	31,							Total		2021		2022		2023		2024		2025		Thereafter	Operating	lease	obligations,			including	imputed	interest	$1,846		$366		$327		$279		$245		$204		$425	Finance	lease	obligations,			including	imputed	interest		1,635			462			446			412			299			9			7	Purchase	obligations	(1)		18,318			10,483			2,743			2,280			1,877			865			70	Debt,	including	scheduled			interest	(2)		11,695			2,100			2,172			2,602			2,021			2,109			691	Total	$33,494		$13,411		$5,688		$5,573		$4,442		$3,187		$1,193	(1)These	amounts	represent	(i)	purchase	orders	of	$5.95	billion	issued	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	with	all	vendors	as	of	December	31,2020	and	(ii)	$12.37	billion	in	other	estimable	purchase	obligations	pursuant	to	such	agreements,	primarily	relating	to	the	purchase	of	lithium-ion	cellsproduced	by	Panasonic	at	Gigafactory	Nevada,	including	any	additional	amounts	we	may	have	to	pay	vendors	if	we	do	not	meet	certain	minimumpurchase	obligations.	In	cases	where	no	purchase	orders	were	outstanding	under	binding	and	enforceable	agreements	as	of	December	31,	2020,	wehave	included	estimated	amounts	based	on	our	best	estimates	and	assumptions	or	discussions	with	the	relevant	vendors	as	of	such	date	or,	whereapplicable,	on	amounts	or	assumptions	included	in	such	agreements	for	purposes	of	discussion	or	reference.	In	certain	cases,	such	estimated	amountswere	subject	to	contingent	events.	Furthermore,	these	amounts	do	not	include	future	payments	for	purchase	obligations	that	were	recorded	in	accountspayable	or	accrued	liabilities	as	of	December	31,	2020.(2)This	includes	non-recourse	debt	repayments,	including	scheduled	interest,	of	$5.16	billion.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	onlyassets	of	our	subsidiaries.	Short-term	scheduled	interest	payments	and	amortization	of	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features,	debt	discounts	anddeferred	financing	costs	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	is	$342	million.	Long-term	scheduled	interest	payments	and	amortization	of	convertiblesenior	note	conversion	features,	debt	discounts	and	deferred	financing	costs	for	the	years	thereafter	is	$1.13	billion.The	table	above	excludes	unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$353	million	because	if	recognized,	they	would	be	an	adjustment	to	our	deferred	tax	assets.We	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buyback	terms	to	certain	customers	who	purchase	and	finance	their	vehicles	through	one	of	our	specifiedcommercial	banking	partners	and	certain	leasing	partners	(refer	to	Automotive	Sales	with	Resale	Value	Guarantee	or	a	Buyback	Option	in	Note	2,	SignificantAccounting	Policies,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K).	The	maximum	amount	we	could	berequired	to	pay	under	these	programs,	should	customers	exercise	their	resale	value	guarantees	or	buyback	options,	would	be	$1.84	billion	over	the	next	fiveyears,	of	which	$394	million	is	within	a	12-month	period	from	December	31,	2020.	We	have	not	included	this	in	the	table	above	as	it	is	unknown	how	manycustomers	will	exercise	their	options.	Additionally,	we	plan	to	resell	any	vehicles	which	are	returned	to	us	and	therefore,	the	actual	exposure	to	us	is	deemed	tobe	limited.Off-Balance	Sheet	ArrangementsDuring	the	periods	presented,	we	did	not	have	relationships	with	unconsolidated	entities	or	financial	partnerships,	such	as	entities	often	referred	to	asstructured	finance	or	special	purpose	entities,	which	were	established	for	the	purpose	of	facilitating	off-balance	sheet	arrangements	or	other	contractuallynarrow	or	limited	purposes.Recent	Accounting	PronouncementsSee	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies,	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	elsewhere	in	this	Annual	Report	on	Form	10-K.			48	ITEM	7A.	QUANTITATIVE	AND	QUALITATIVE	DISCLOSURES	ABOUT	MARKET	RISKForeign	Currency	RiskWe	transact	business	globally	in	multiple	currencies	and	hence	have	foreign	currency	risks	related	to	our	revenue,	costs	of	revenue,	operating	expensesand	localized	subsidiary	debt	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	(primarily	the	Chinese	yuan,	euro,	Canadian	dollar	and	British	pound	inrelation	to	our	current	year	operations).	In	general,	we	are	a	net	receiver	of	currencies	other	than	the	U.S.	dollar	for	our	foreign	subsidiaries.	Accordingly,changes	in	exchange	rates	affect	our	revenue	and	other	operating	results	as	expressed	in	U.S.	dollars	as	we	do	not	typically	hedge	foreign	currency	risk.We	have	also	experienced,	and	will	continue	to	experience,	fluctuations	in	our	net	income	(loss)	as	a	result	of	gains	(losses)	on	the	settlement	and	the	re-measurement	of	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	denominated	in	currencies	that	are	not	the	local	currency	(primarily	consisting	of	our	intercompany	and	cashand	cash	equivalents	balances).	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	we	recognized	a	net	foreign	currency	loss	of	$114	million	in	other	(expense)	income,net,	with	our	largest	re-measurement	exposures	from	the	U.S.	dollar,	euro	and	Canadian	dollar	as	our	subsidiaries’	monetary	assets	and	liabilities	aredenominated	in	various	local	currencies.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	we	recognized	a	net	foreign	currency	gain	of	$48	million	in	other	(expense)income,	net,	with	our	largest	re-measurement	exposures	from	the	U.S.	dollar,	British	pound	and	Canadian	dollar.We	considered	the	historical	trends	in	foreign	currency	exchange	rates	and	determined	that	it	is	reasonably	possible	that	adverse	changes	in	foreigncurrency	exchange	rates	of	10%	for	all	currencies	could	be	experienced	in	the	near-term.	These	changes	were	applied	to	our	total	monetary	assets	andliabilities	denominated	in	currencies	other	than	our	local	currencies	at	the	balance	sheet	date	to	compute	the	impact	these	changes	would	have	had	on	our	netincome	(loss)	before	income	taxes.	These	changes	would	have	resulted	in	a	benefit	of	$8	million	at	December	31,	2020	and	an	adverse	impact	of	$362	million	atDecember	31,	2019	assuming	no	foreign	currency	hedging.Interest	Rate	RiskWe	are	exposed	to	interest	rate	risk	on	our	borrowings	that	bear	interest	at	floating	rates.	Pursuant	to	our	risk	management	policies,	in	certain	cases,we	utilize	derivative	instruments	to	manage	some	of	this	risk.	We	do	not	enter	into	derivative	instruments	for	trading	or	speculative	purposes.	A	hypothetical10%	change	in	interest	rates	on	our	floating	rate	debt	would	have	increased	or	decreased	our	interest	expense	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020	and2019	by	$4	million	and	$8	million,	respectively.			49	ITEM	8.	FINANCIAL	STATEMENTS	AND	SUPPLEMENTARY	DATA	Index	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements				PageReport	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm		51Consolidated	Balance	Sheets		54Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations		55Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)		56Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity		57Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows		58Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements		59	50	Report	of	Independent	Registered	Public	Accounting	Firm	To	the	Board	of	Directors	and	Stockholders	of	Tesla,	Inc.	Opinions	on	the	Financial	Statements	and	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	We	have	audited	the	accompanying	consolidated	balance	sheets	of	Tesla,	Inc.	and	its	subsidiaries	(the	“Company”)	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	and	therelated	consolidated	statements	of	operations,	of	comprehensive	income	(loss),	of	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	and	equity	and	of	cash	flows	for	each	ofthe	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2020,	including	the	related	notes	(collectively	referred	to	as	the	“consolidated	financial	statements”).	We	alsohave	audited	the	Company's	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2020,	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	-	IntegratedFramework	(2013)	issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(COSO).			In	our	opinion,	the	consolidated	financial	statements	referred	to	above	present	fairly,	in	all	material	respects,	the	financial	position	of	the	Company	as	ofDecember	31,	2020	and	2019,	and	the	results	of	its	operations	and	its	cash	flows	for	each	of	the	three	years	in	the	period	ended	December	31,	2020	inconformity	with	accounting	principles	generally	accepted	in	the	United	States	of	America.	Also	in	our	opinion,	the	Company	maintained,	in	all	material	respects,effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	as	of	December	31,	2020,	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	-	Integrated	Framework	(2013)issued	by	the	COSO.Changes	in	Accounting	PrinciplesAs	discussed	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	Company	changed	the	manner	in	which	it	accounts	for	leases	in	2019	and	the	manner	inwhich	it	accounts	for	revenue	from	contracts	with	customers	in	2018.	Basis	for	Opinions	The	Company's	management	is	responsible	for	these	consolidated	financial	statements,	for	maintaining	effective	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	andfor	its	assessment	of	the	effectiveness	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	included	in	Management's	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	FinancialReporting	appearing	under	Item	9A.	Our	responsibility	is	to	express	opinions	on	the	Company’s	consolidated	financial	statements	and	on	the	Company'sinternal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	our	audits.	We	are	a	public	accounting	firm	registered	with	the	Public	Company	Accounting	Oversight	Board(United	States)	(PCAOB)	and	are	required	to	be	independent	with	respect	to	the	Company	in	accordance	with	the	U.S.	federal	securities	laws	and	the	applicablerules	and	regulations	of	the	Securities	and	Exchange	Commission	and	the	PCAOB.	We	conducted	our	audits	in	accordance	with	the	standards	of	the	PCAOB.	Those	standards	require	that	we	plan	and	perform	the	audits	to	obtain	reasonableassurance	about	whether	the	consolidated	financial	statements	are	free	of	material	misstatement,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	whether	effective	internalcontrol	over	financial	reporting	was	maintained	in	all	material	respects.			Our	audits	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	included	performing	procedures	to	assess	the	risks	of	material	misstatement	of	the	consolidated	financialstatements,	whether	due	to	error	or	fraud,	and	performing	procedures	that	respond	to	those	risks.	Such	procedures	included	examining,	on	a	test	basis,evidence	regarding	the	amounts	and	disclosures	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Our	audits	also	included	evaluating	the	accounting	principles	usedand	significant	estimates	made	by	management,	as	well	as	evaluating	the	overall	presentation	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Our	audit	of	internalcontrol	over	financial	reporting	included	obtaining	an	understanding	of	internal	control	over	financial	reporting,	assessing	the	risk	that	a	material	weaknessexists,	and	testing	and	evaluating	the	design	and	operating	effectiveness	of	internal	control	based	on	the	assessed	risk.	Our	audits	also	included	performingsuch	other	procedures	as	we	considered	necessary	in	the	circumstances.	We	believe	that	our	audits	provide	a	reasonable	basis	for	our	opinions.	Definition	and	Limitations	of	Internal	Control	over	Financial	Reporting	A	company’s	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	is	a	process	designed	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	andthe	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles.	A	company’s	internal	control	overfinancial	reporting	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(i)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that,	in	reasonable	detail,	accurately	and	fairly	reflectthe	transactions	and	dispositions	of	the	assets	of	the	company;	(ii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permitpreparation	of	financial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	receipts	and	expenditures	of	the	company	are	beingmade	only	in	accordance	with	authorizations	of	management	and	directors	of	the	company;	and	(iii)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	ortimely	detection	of	unauthorized	acquisition,	use,	or	disposition	of	the	company’s	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.51		Because	of	its	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements.	Also,	projections	of	any	evaluation	ofeffectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	of	compliancewith	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.	Critical	Audit	Matters	The	critical	audit	matters	communicated	below	are	matters	arising	from	the	current	period	audit	of	the	consolidated	financial	statements	that	werecommunicated	or	required	to	be	communicated	to	the	audit	committee	and	that	(i)	relate	to	accounts	or	disclosures	that	are	material	to	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements	and	(ii)	involved	our	especially	challenging,	subjective,	or	complex	judgments.	The	communication	of	critical	audit	matters	does	not	alter	inany	way	our	opinion	on	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	taken	as	a	whole,	and	we	are	not,	by	communicating	the	critical	audit	matters	below,	providingseparate	opinions	on	the	critical	audit	matters	or	on	the	accounts	or	disclosures	to	which	they	relate.	Automotive	Sales	To	Customers	With	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	or	Buyback	Option	As	described	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	the	sales	return	reserve	related	to	resale	value	guarantees	or	buyback	options	was	$703	millionas	of	December	31,	2020,	of	which	$202	million	was	short-term.	The	Company	offers	some	customers	resale	value	guarantees	or	buyback	options.	Under	theseprograms,	the	Company	receives	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery	and	the	customer	has	the	option	of	selling	their	vehicle	back	tothe	Company	during	the	guarantee	period	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.	In	circumstances	where	management	does	not	believe	the	customer	has	asignificant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	or	buyback	option	provided	to	them	at	contract	inception,	the	Company	recognizesrevenue	when	control	transfers	upon	delivery	to	a	customer	as	a	sale	with	a	right	of	return.	In	circumstances	where	management	believes	the	customer	has	asignificant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	or	buyback	option	at	contract	inception,	the	Company	recognizes	the	transaction	as	anoperating	lease.	Management’s	determination	of	whether	there	is	a	significant	economic	incentive	includes	comparing	a	vehicle’s	estimated	market	value	at	thetime	the	option	is	exercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value.	Sales	return	reserves	are	estimated	based	on	historical	experience	plus	consideration	forexpected	future	market	values.	On	a	quarterly	basis,	management	assesses	the	estimated	future	market	values	of	vehicles	under	these	programs,	taking	intoaccount	price	adjustments	on	vehicle	offerings	and	changes	in	market	conditions	subsequent	to	the	initial	sale	to	determine	the	need	for	changes	to	thereserve.			The	principal	considerations	for	our	determination	that	performing	procedures	relating	to	automotive	sales	to	customers	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	orbuyback	option	is	a	critical	audit	matter	are	the	significant	judgment	by	management	in	determining	the	sales	return	reserve	when	customers	do	not	have	asignificant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	their	option;	this	in	turn	led	to	a	high	degree	of	auditor	judgment,	subjectivity,	and	effort	in	performing	proceduresand	evaluating	audit	evidence	related	to	the	sales	return	reserve	when	customers	do	not	have	a	significant	economic	incentive.			Addressing	the	matter	involved	performing	procedures	and	evaluating	audit	evidence	in	connection	with	forming	our	overall	opinion	on	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements.	These	procedures	included	testing	the	effectiveness	of	controls	relating	to	automotive	revenue	recognition	for	sales	to	customers	with	aresale	value	guarantee	or	buyback	option	as	well	as	the	related	sales	return	reserve,	including	controls	over	management’s	estimate	of	expected	future	marketvalues	and	historical	experience.	These	procedures	also	included,	among	others,	testing	management’s	process	for	determining	whether	customers	have	asignificant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	their	put	rights	under	the	resale	value	guarantee	and	buyback	option	programs	and,	if	not,	the	related	sales	returnreserve.	This	included	evaluating	the	appropriateness	of	the	model	applied	and	the	reasonableness	of	significant	assumptions	related	to	historical	experienceand	the	estimated	expected	future	market	values	used	in	the	comparison	to	guaranteed	resale	amounts.	Evaluating	assumptions	related	to	historical	experienceand	estimated	expected	future	market	values	involved	evaluating	whether	the	assumptions	used	were	reasonable	considering	current	and	past	performanceand	consistency	with	evidence	obtained	in	other	areas	of	the	audit.	Procedures	were	performed	to	evaluate	the	reliability,	completeness	and	relevance	ofmanagement’s	data	used	in	the	development	of	the	historical	experience	assumption.	Automotive	Warranty	Reserve	As	described	in	Note	2	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	total	accrued	warranty,	which	primarily	relates	to	the	automotive	segment,	was	$1,468	millionas	of	December	31,	2020.	The	Company	provides	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	Tesla	vehicles.	As	described	in	Note	2,	a	warranty	reserve	isaccrued	for	these	products	sold,	which	includes	management’s	best	estimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty,	including	recallswhen	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	to	date	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.			52	The	principal	considerations	for	our	determination	that	performing	procedures	relating	to	the	automotive	warranty	reserve	is	a	critical	audit	matter	are	thesignificant	judgment	by	management	in	determining	the	warranty	reserve;	this	in	turn	led	to	significant	auditor	judgment,	subjectivity,	and	effort	in	performingprocedures	to	evaluate	the	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims,	and	the	audit	effort	involved	the	use	of	professionals	with	specializedskill	and	knowledge.		Addressing	the	matter	involved	performing	procedures	and	evaluating	audit	evidence	in	connection	with	forming	our	overall	opinion	on	the	consolidatedfinancial	statements.	These	procedures	included	testing	the	effectiveness	of	controls	relating	to	management’s	estimate	of	the	automotive	warranty	reserve,including	controls	over	management’s	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims	as	well	as	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	actual	claimsincurred	to	date.	These	procedures	also	included,	among	others,	testing	management’s	process	for	determining	the	automotive	warranty	reserve.	This	includedevaluating	the	appropriateness	of	the	model	applied	and	the	reasonableness	of	significant	assumptions	related	to	the	nature	and	frequency	of	future	claims	andthe	related	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty.	Evaluating	the	assumptions	related	to	the	nature	and	frequency	of	future	claims	and	the	relatedcosts	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranty	involved	evaluating	whether	the	assumptions	used	were	reasonable	considering	current	and	past	performance,including	a	lookback	analysis	comparing	prior	period	forecasted	claims	to	actual	claims	incurred.	These	procedures	also	included	developing	an	independentestimate	of	a	portion	of	the	warranty	accrual,	comparing	the	independent	estimate	to	management’s	estimate	to	evaluate	the	reasonableness	of	the	estimate,and	testing	the	completeness	and	accuracy	of	historical	vehicle	claims.	Procedures	were	performed	to	test	the	reliability,	completeness,	and	relevance	ofmanagement’s	data	related	to	the	historical	claims	processed	and	that	such	claims	were	appropriately	used	by	management	in	the	estimation	of	future	claims.Professionals	with	specialized	skill	and	knowledge	were	used	to	assist	in	evaluating	the	appropriateness	of	aspects	of	management’s	model	for	estimating	thenature	and	frequency	of	future	claims,	and	testing	management’s	warranty	reserve	for	a	portion	of	future	warranty	claims.		/s/	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP	San	Jose,	CaliforniaFebruary	8,	2021	We	have	served	as	the	Company’s	auditor	since	2005.					53	Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Balance	Sheets(in	millions,	except	per	share	data)			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Assets								Current	assets								Cash	and	cash	equivalents	$19,384		$6,268	Accounts	receivable,	net		1,886			1,324	Inventory		4,101			3,552	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets		1,346			959	Total	current	assets		26,717			12,103	Operating	lease	vehicles,	net		3,091			2,447	Solar	energy	systems,	net		5,979			6,138	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net		12,747			10,396	Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets		1,558			1,218	Intangible	assets,	net		313			339	Goodwill		207			198	Other	non-current	assets		1,536			1,470	Total	assets	$52,148		$34,309	Liabilities								Current	liabilities								Accounts	payable	$6,051		$3,771	Accrued	liabilities	and	other		3,855			3,222	Deferred	revenue		1,458			1,163	Customer	deposits		752			726	Current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases		2,132			1,785	Total	current	liabilities		14,248			10,667	Debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion		9,556			11,634	Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion		1,284			1,207	Other	long-term	liabilities		3,330			2,691	Total	liabilities		28,418			26,199	Commitments	and	contingencies	(Note	16)								Redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		604			643	Convertible	senior	notes	(Note	12)		51			—	Equity								Stockholders'	equity								Preferred	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	100	shares	authorized;			no	shares	issued	and	outstanding		—			—	Common	stock;	$0.001	par	value;	2,000	shares	authorized;	960	and			905	shares	issued	and	outstanding	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	December	31,			2019,	respectively	(1)		1			1	Additional	paid-in	capital	(1)		27,260			12,736	Accumulated	other	comprehensive	income	(loss)		363			(36)Accumulated	deficit		(5,399)		(6,083)Total	stockholders'	equity		22,225			6,618	Noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		850			849	Total	liabilities	and	equity	$52,148		$34,309		(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	reflect	the	five-for-one	stock	split	effected	in	the	form	of	a	stock	dividend	in	August	2020.	See	Note	1,Overview,	for	details.	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.54	Tesla,	Inc.	Consolidated	Statements	of	Operations(in	millions,	except	per	share	data)			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Revenues												Automotive	sales	$26,184		$19,952		$17,632	Automotive	leasing		1,052			869			883	Total	automotive	revenues		27,236			20,821			18,515	Energy	generation	and	storage		1,994			1,531			1,555	Services	and	other		2,306			2,226			1,391	Total	revenues		31,536			24,578			21,461	Cost	of	revenues												Automotive	sales		19,696			15,939			13,686	Automotive	leasing		563			459			488	Total	automotive	cost	of	revenues		20,259			16,398			14,174	Energy	generation	and	storage		1,976			1,341			1,365	Services	and	other		2,671			2,770			1,880	Total	cost	of	revenues		24,906			20,509			17,419	Gross	profit		6,630			4,069			4,042	Operating	expenses												Research	and	development		1,491			1,343			1,460	Selling,	general	and	administrative		3,145			2,646			2,835	Restructuring	and	other		—			149			135	Total	operating	expenses		4,636			4,138			4,430	Income	(loss)	from	operations		1,994			(69)		(388)Interest	income		30			44			24	Interest	expense		(748)		(685)		(663)Other	(expense)	income,	net		(122)		45			22	Income	(loss)	before	income	taxes		1,154			(665)		(1,005)Provision	for	income	taxes		292			110			58	Net	income	(loss)		862			(775)		(1,063)Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and			redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		141			87			(87)Net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	$721		$(862)	$(976)													Less:	Buy-out	of	noncontrolling	interest		31			8			—	Net	income	(loss)	used	in	computing	net			income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	$690		$(870)	$(976)Net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable			to	common	stockholders	(1)												Basic	$0.74		$(0.98)	$(1.14)Diluted	$0.64		$(0.98)	$(1.14)Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net			income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	(1)												Basic		933			887			853	Diluted		1,083			887			853		(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	reflect	the	five-for-one	stock	split	effected	in	the	form	of	a	stock	dividend	in	August	2020.	See	Note	1,Overview,	for	details.	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.55	Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)(in	millions)			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Net	income	(loss)	$862		$(775)	$(1,063)Other	comprehensive	income	(loss):												Foreign	currency	translation	adjustment		399			(28)		(42)Comprehensive	income	(loss)		1,261			(803)		(1,105)Less:	Comprehensive	income	(loss)	attributable	to			noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable			noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		141			87			(87)Comprehensive	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	$1,120		$(890)	$(1,018)	The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.				56	Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Equity(in	millions,	except	per	share	data)																								Accumulated															Redeemable											Additional						Other		Total		Noncontrolling							Noncontrolling			Common	Stock		Paid-In		Accumulated		Comprehensive		Stockholders'		Interests	in		Total			Interests			Shares	(1)		Amount	(1)		Capital	(1)		Deficit		Income	(Loss)		Equity		Subsidiaries		Equity	Balance	as	of	December	31,	2017	$398				844		$1		$9,177		$(4,974)	$33		$4,237		$997		$5,234	Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	ASC	606		8				—			—			—			623			—			623			(89)		534	Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	Accounting	StandardsUpdate	No.	2017-05		—				—			—			—			9			—			9			—			9	Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes		—				1			0			0			—			—			0			—			0	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards		—				18			0			296			—			—			296			—			296	Stock-based	compensation		—				—			—			775			—			—			775			—			775	Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests		276				—			—			—			—			—			—			161			161	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests		(61)			—			—			—			—			—			—			(210)		(210)Other		(3)			—			—			—			—			—			—			—			—	Net	loss		(62)			—			—			—			(976)		—			(976)		(25)		(1,001)Other	comprehensive	loss		—				—			—			—			—			(41)		(41)		—			(41)Balance	as	of	December	31,	2018	$556				863		$1		$10,248		$(5,318)	$(8)	$4,923		$834		$5,757	Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	ASC	842		—				—			—			—			97			—			97			—			97	Conversion	feature	of	2.00%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2024("2024	Notes")		—				—			—			491			—			—			491			—			491	Purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges		—				—			—			(476)		—			—			(476)		—			(476)Sales	of	warrants		—				—			—			174			—			—			174			—			174	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards	andacquisitions,	net	of	transaction	costs		—				24			0			482			—			—			482			—			482	Issuance	of	common	stock	in	May	2019	public	offering	at	$48.60	pershare	(1),	net	of			issuance	costs	of	$15		—				18			0			848			—			—			848			—			848	Stock-based	compensation		—				—			—			973			—			—			973			—			973	Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests		105				—			—			—			—			—			—			174			174	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests		(65)			—			—			—			—			—			—			(198)		(198)Other		(1)			—			—			(4)		—			—			(4)		—			(4)Net	income	(loss)		48				—			—			—			(862)		—			(862)		39			(823)Other	comprehensive	loss		—				—			—			—			—			(28)		(28)		—			(28)Balance	as	of	December	31,	2019	$643				905		$1		$12,736		$(6,083)	$(36)	$6,618		$849		$7,467	Adjustments	for	prior	periods	from	adopting	ASU	2016-13							—			—			—			(37)		—			(37)		—			(37)Reclassification	between	equity	and	mezzanine	equity	for	convertiblesenior	notes		—				—			—			(51)		—			—			(51)		—			(51)Exercises	of	conversion	feature	of	convertible	senior	notes		—				2			0			59			—			—			59			—			59	Issuance	of	common	stock	for	equity	incentive	awards		—				19			0			417			—			—			417			—			417	Issuance	of	common	stock	in	public	offerings,	net	of			issuance	costs	of	$68	(1)		—				34			0			12,269			—			—			12,269			—			12,269	Stock-based	compensation		—				—			—			1,861			—			—			1,861			—			1,861	Contributions	from	noncontrolling	interests		7				—			—			—			—			—			—			17			17	Distributions	to	noncontrolling	interests		(67)			—			—			—			—			—			—			(132)		(132)Buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests		(4)			—			—			(31)		—			—			(31)		—			(31)Net	income		25				—			—			—			721			—			721			116			837	Other	comprehensive	income		—				—			—			—			—			399			399			—			399	Balance	as	of	December	31,	2020	$604				960		$1		$27,260		$(5,399)	$363		$22,225		$850		$23,075	(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	reflect	the	five-for-one	stock	split	effected	in	the	form	of	a	stock	dividend	in	August	2020.	See	Note	1,Overview,	for	details	regarding	stock	split	and	public	offerings.The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.	57	Tesla,	Inc.Consolidated	Statements	of	Cash	Flows(in	millions)			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Cash	Flows	from	Operating	Activities												Net	income	(loss)	$862		$(775)	$(1,063)Adjustments	to	reconcile	net	income	(loss)	to	net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities:												Depreciation,	amortization	and	impairment		2,322			2,154			1,901	Stock-based	compensation		1,734			898			749	Amortization	of	debt	discounts	and	issuance	costs		180			188			159	Inventory	and	purchase	commitments	write-downs		202			193			85	Loss	on	disposals	of	fixed	assets		117			146			162	Foreign	currency	transaction	net	loss	(gain)		114			(48)		(2)Non-cash	interest	and	other	operating	activities		228			186			49	Operating	cash	flow	related	to	repayment	of	discounted	convertible	senior	notes		—			(188)		—	Changes	in	operating	assets	and	liabilities,	net	of	effect	of	business	combinations:												Accounts	receivable		(652)		(367)		(497)Inventory		(422)		(429)		(1,023)Operating	lease	vehicles		(1,072)		(764)		(215)Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets		(251)		(288)		(82)Other	non-current	assets		(344)		115			(207)Accounts	payable	and	accrued	liabilities		2,102			646			1,797	Deferred	revenue		321			801			406	Customer	deposits		7			(58)		(96)Other	long-term	liabilities		495			(5)		(25)Net	cash	provided	by	operating	activities		5,943			2,405			2,098	Cash	Flows	from	Investing	Activities												Purchases	of	property	and	equipment	excluding	finance	leases,	net	of	sales		(3,157)		(1,327)		(2,101)Purchases	of	solar	energy	systems,	net	of	sales		(75)		(105)		(218)Receipt	of	government	grants		123			46			—	Purchase	of	intangible	assets		(10)		(5)		—	Business	combinations,	net	of	cash	acquired		(13)		(45)		(18)Net	cash	used	in	investing	activities		(3,132)		(1,436)		(2,337)Cash	Flows	from	Financing	Activities												Proceeds	from	issuances	of	common	stock	in	public	offerings,	net	of	issuance	costs		12,269			848			—	Proceeds	from	issuances	of	convertible	and	other	debt		9,713			10,669			6,176	Repayments	of	convertible	and	other	debt		(11,623)		(9,161)		(5,247)Repayments	of	borrowings	issued	to	related	parties		—			—			(100)Collateralized	lease	repayments		(240)		(389)		(559)Proceeds	from	exercises	of	stock	options	and	other	stock	issuances		417			263			296	Principal	payments	on	finance	leases		(338)		(321)		(181)Debt	issuance	costs		(6)		(37)		(15)Purchase	of	convertible	note	hedges		—			(476)		—	Proceeds	from	issuance	of	warrants		—			174			—	Proceeds	from	investments	by	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		24			279			437	Distributions	paid	to	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		(208)		(311)		(227)Payments	for	buy-outs	of	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries		(35)		(9)		(6)Net	cash	provided	by	financing	activities		9,973			1,529			574	Effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash		334			8			(23)Net	increase	in	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash		13,118			2,506			312	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	beginning	of	period		6,783			4,277			3,965	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	end	of	period	$19,901		$6,783		$4,277	Supplemental	Non-Cash	Investing	and	Financing	Activities												Equity	issued	in	connection	with	business	combination	$—		$207		$—	Acquisitions	of	property	and	equipment	included	in	liabilities	$1,088		$562		$249	Estimated	fair	value	of	facilities	under	build-to-suit	leases	$—		$—		$94	Supplemental	Disclosures												Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	interest,	net	of	amounts	capitalized	$444		$455		$381	Cash	paid	during	the	period	for	taxes,	net	of	refunds	$115		$54		$35		The	accompanying	notes	are	an	integral	part	of	these	consolidated	financial	statements.			58	Tesla,	Inc.Notes	to	Consolidated	Financial	Statements	Note	1	–	OverviewTesla,	Inc.	(“Tesla”,	the	“Company”,	“we”,	“us”	or	“our”)	was	incorporated	in	the	State	of	Delaware	on	July	1,	2003.	We	design,	develop,	manufactureand	sell	high-performance	fully	electric	vehicles	and	design,	manufacture,	install	and	sell	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products.	Our	ChiefExecutive	Officer,	as	the	chief	operating	decision	maker	(“CODM”),	organizes	our	company,	manages	resource	allocations	and	measures	performance	amongtwo	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.As	of	and	following	December	31,	2020,	there	has	continued	to	be	widespread	impact	from	the	coronavirus	disease	(“COVID-19”)	pandemic.	In	2020,	wetemporarily	suspended	operations	at	each	of	our	manufacturing	facilities	worldwide	for	a	part	of	the	first	half	of	the	year.	Some	of	our	suppliers	and	partnersalso	experienced	temporary	suspensions	before	resuming,	including	Panasonic,	which	manufactures	battery	cells	for	our	products	at	our	Gigafactory	Nevada.We	also	instituted	temporary	employee	furloughs	and	compensation	reductions	while	our	U.S.	operations	were	scaled	back.	Finally,	reduced	operations	orclosures	at	motor	vehicle	departments,	vehicle	auction	houses	and	municipal	and	utility	company	inspectors	resulted	in	challenges	in	or	postponements	for	ournew	vehicle	deliveries,	used	vehicle	sales,	and	energy	product	deployments.	By	the	second	half	of	2020,	however,	we	resumed	operations	at	all	of	ourmanufacturing	facilities	and	have	continued	to	increase	our	output	and	add	additional	capacity	and	work	with	each	of	our	suppliers	and	government	agencieson	meeting,	ramping	and	sustaining	our	production.	On	the	other	hand,	certain	government	regulations	and	shifting	social	behaviors	have	continued	to	limit	orclose	non-essential	transportation,	government	functions,	business	activities	and	person-to-person	interactions.	In	some	cases,	the	relaxation	of	such	trends	hasrecently	been	followed	by	actual	or	contemplated	returns	to	stringent	restrictions	on	gatherings	or	commerce.	We	cannot	predict	the	duration	or	direction	ofsuch	trends,	which	have	also	adversely	affected	and	may	in	the	future	affect	our	operations.On	February	19,	2020,	we	completed	a	public	offering	of	our	common	stock	and	issued	a	total	of	15.2	million	shares	(as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	theStock	Split,	as	described	in	the	paragraph	below),	for	total	cash	proceeds	of	$2.31	billion,	net	of	underwriting	discounts	and	offering	costs	of	$28	million.On	August	10,	2020,	our	Board	of	Directors	declared	a	five-for-one	split	of	the	Company’s	common	stock	effected	in	the	form	of	a	stock	dividend	(the“Stock	Split”).	Each	stockholder	of	record	on	August	21,	2020	received	a	dividend	of	four	additional	shares	of	common	stock	for	each	then-held	share,distributed	after	close	of	trading	on	August	28,	2020.	All	share	and	per	share	amounts	presented	herein	have	been	retroactively	adjusted	to	reflect	the	impactof	the	Stock	Split.On	September	1,	2020,	we	entered	into	an	Equity	Distribution	Agreement	with	certain	sales	agents	to	sell	$5.00	billion	in	shares	of	our	common	stockfrom	time	to	time	through	an	“at-the-market”	offering	program.	Such	sales	were	completed	by	September	4,	2020	and	settled	by	September	9,	2020,	with	thesale	of	11,141,562	shares	of	common	stock	resulting	in	gross	proceeds	of	$5.00	billion	and	net	proceeds	of	$4.97	billion,	net	of	sales	agents’	commissions	of	$25million	and	other	offering	costs	of	$1	million.On	December	8,	2020,	we	entered	into	a	separate	Equity	Distribution	Agreement	with	certain	sales	agents	to	sell	$5.00	billion	in	shares	of	our	commonstock	from	time	to	time	through	an	“at-the-market”	offering	program.	Such	sales	were	completed	by	December	9,	2020	and	settled	by	December	11,	2020,	withthe	sale	of	7,915,589	shares	of	common	stock	resulting	in	gross	proceeds	of	$5.00	billion	and	net	proceeds	of	$4.99	billion,	net	of	sales	agents’	commissions	of$13	million	and	other	offering	costs	of	$1	million.	59	Note	2	–	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	PoliciesPrinciples	of	ConsolidationThe	accompanying	consolidated	financial	statements	have	been	prepared	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles	(“GAAP”)	andreflect	our	accounts	and	operations	and	those	of	our	subsidiaries	in	which	we	have	a	controlling	financial	interest.	In	accordance	with	the	provisions	ofAccounting	Standards	Codification	(“ASC”)	810,	Consolidation,	we	consolidate	any	variable	interest	entity	(“VIE”)	of	which	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary.	Weform	VIEs	with	financing	fund	investors	in	the	ordinary	course	of	business	in	order	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	certain	attributes	associatedwith	solar	energy	systems	and	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	programs.	The	typical	condition	for	a	controlling	financial	interest	ownership	is	holding	amajority	of	the	voting	interests	of	an	entity;	however,	a	controlling	financial	interest	may	also	exist	in	entities,	such	as	VIEs,	through	arrangements	that	do	notinvolve	controlling	voting	interests.	ASC	810	requires	a	variable	interest	holder	to	consolidate	a	VIE	if	that	party	has	the	power	to	direct	the	activities	of	the	VIEthat	most	significantly	impact	the	VIE’s	economic	performance	and	the	obligation	to	absorb	losses	of	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE	orthe	right	to	receive	benefits	from	the	VIE	that	could	potentially	be	significant	to	the	VIE.	We	do	not	consolidate	a	VIE	in	which	we	have	a	majority	ownershipinterest	when	we	are	not	considered	the	primary	beneficiary.	We	have	determined	that	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	all	the	VIEs	(see	Note	17,	VariableInterest	Entity	Arrangements).	We	evaluate	our	relationships	with	all	the	VIEs	on	an	ongoing	basis	to	ensure	that	we	continue	to	be	the	primary	beneficiary.	Allintercompany	transactions	and	balances	have	been	eliminated	upon	consolidation.Use	of	EstimatesThe	preparation	of	financial	statements	in	conformity	with	U.S.	generally	accepted	accounting	principles	(“GAAP”)	requires	management	to	make	estimatesand	assumptions	that	affect	the	reported	amounts	of	assets,	liabilities,	revenues,	costs	and	expenses	and	related	disclosures	in	the	accompanying	notes.Due	to	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	there	has	been	uncertainty	and	disruption	in	the	global	economy	and	financial	markets.	The	estimates	used	for,	but	notlimited	to,	determining	significant	economic	incentive	for	resale	value	guarantee	arrangements,	sales	return	reserves,	the	collectability	of	accounts	receivable,inventory	valuation,	fair	value	of	long-lived	assets,	goodwill,	fair	value	of	financial	instruments,	fair	value	and	residual	value	of	operating	lease	vehicles	and	solarenergy	systems	subject	to	leases	could	be	impacted.	We	have	assessed	the	impact	and	are	not	aware	of	any	specific	events	or	circumstances	that	required	anupdate	to	our	estimates	and	assumptions	or	materially	affected	the	carrying	value	of	our	assets	or	liabilities	as	of	the	date	of	issuance	of	this	Annual	Report	onForm	10-K.	These	estimates	may	change	as	new	events	occur	and	additional	information	is	obtained.	Actual	results	could	differ	materially	from	these	estimatesunder	different	assumptions	or	conditions.ReclassificationsCertain	prior	period	balances	have	been	reclassified	to	conform	to	the	current	period	presentation	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	and	theaccompanying	notes.	Restricted	cash	and	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	have	been	reclassified	to	other	assets	and	resale	value	guarantees	has	beenreclassified	to	other	liabilities.Revenue	Recognition	Adoption	of	ASC	606	revenue	standardOn	January	1,	2018,	we	adopted	ASC	606,	Revenue	from	Contracts	with	Customers,	using	the	modified	retrospective	method.60		Revenue	by	sourceThe	following	table	disaggregates	our	revenue	by	major	source	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantee	$24,053		$19,212		$15,810	Automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantee	(1)		551			146			1,403	Automotive	regulatory	credits		1,580			594			419	Energy	generation	and	storage	sales		1,477			1,000			1,056	Services	and	other		2,306			2,226			1,391	Total	revenues	from	sales	and	services		29,967			23,178			20,079	Automotive	leasing		1,052			869			883	Energy	generation	and	storage	leasing		517			531			499	Total	revenues	$31,536		$24,578		$21,461			(1)Due	to	pricing	adjustments	we	made	to	our	vehicle	offerings	during	2020	and	2019,	we	estimated	that	there	was	a	greater	likelihood	thatcustomers	would	exercise	their	buyback	options	and	adjusted	our	sales	return	reserve	on	vehicles	previously	sold	under	our	buyback	optionsprogram,	which	resulted	in	a	reduction	of	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantee.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	priceadjustments	resulted	in	a	reduction	of	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantee	by	$72	million	and	$555	million,	respectively.	The	amountspresented	represent	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantee	net	of	such	pricing	adjustments’	impact.	Automotive	SegmentAutomotive	Sales	RevenueAutomotive	Sales	without	Resale	Value	GuaranteeAutomotive	sales	revenue	includes	revenues	related	to	deliveries	of	new	vehicles	and	pay-per-use	charges,	and	specific	other	features	and	services	thatmeet	the	definition	of	a	performance	obligation	under	ASC	606,	including	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	Full	Self-Driving	(“FSD”)features	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	We	recognize	revenue	on	automotive	sales	upon	delivery	to	the	customer,	which	is	when	the	control	of	a	vehicletransfers.	Payments	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.	Other	features	andservices	such	as	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity	and	over-the-air	software	updates	are	provisioned	upon	control	transfer	of	a	vehicleand	recognized	over	time	on	a	straight-line	basis	as	we	have	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	deliver	such	services	to	the	customer.	We	recognize	revenue	related	tothese	other	features	and	services	over	the	performance	period,	which	is	generally	the	expected	ownership	life	of	the	vehicle	or	the	eight-year	life	of	the	vehicle.Revenue	related	to	FSD	features	is	recognized	when	functionality	is	delivered	to	the	customer.	For	our	obligations	related	to	automotive	sales,	we	estimatestandalone	selling	price	by	considering	costs	used	to	develop	and	deliver	the	service,	third-party	pricing	of	similar	options	and	other	information	that	may	beavailable.At	the	time	of	revenue	recognition,	we	reduce	the	transaction	price	and	record	a	sales	return	reserve	against	revenue	for	estimated	variableconsideration	related	to	future	product	returns.	Such	return	rate	estimates	are	based	on	historical	experience	and	are	immaterial	in	all	periods	presented.	Inaddition,	any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	customer’s	lender	when	we	arrange	the	financing	are	recognized	as	an	offset	against	automotive	salesrevenue.Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	mainly	relate	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	for	the	sale	of	vehicles.	Commissions	are	not	paid	on	otherobligations	such	as	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	FSD	features	and	over-the-air	software	updates.	As	our	contract	costs	related	toautomotive	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtain	a	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amounts	billed	to	customers	related	to	shippingand	handling	are	classified	as	automotive	sales	revenue,	and	we	have	elected	to	recognize	the	cost	for	freight	and	shipping	when	control	over	vehicles,	parts,	oraccessories	have	transferred	to	the	customer	as	an	expense	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	revenue.	Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	fromthe	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.61	Automotive	Sales	with	Resale	Value	Guarantee	or	a	Buyback	OptionWe	offer	resale	value	guarantees	or	similar	buy-back	terms	to	certain	international	customers	who	purchase	vehicles	and	who	finance	their	vehiclesthrough	one	of	our	specified	commercial	banking	partners.	We	also	offer	resale	value	guarantees	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	to	certain	leasingpartners.	Under	these	programs,	we	receive	full	payment	for	the	vehicle	sales	price	at	the	time	of	delivery	and	our	counterparty	has	the	option	of	selling	theirvehicle	back	to	us	during	the	guarantee	period,	which	currently	is	generally	at	the	end	of	the	term	of	the	applicable	loan	or	financing	program,	for	a	pre-determined	resale	value.With	the	exception	of	the	Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	Option	program	discussed	within	theAutomotive	Leasing	section	below,	we	recognize	revenue	when	control	transfers	upon	delivery	to	customers	in	accordance	with	ASC	606	as	a	sale	with	a	rightof	return	as	we	do	not	believe	the	customer	has	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them	at	contract	inception.The	process	to	determine	whether	there	is	a	significant	economic	incentive	includes	a	comparison	of	a	vehicle’s	estimated	market	value	at	the	time	the	option	isexercisable	with	the	guaranteed	resale	value	to	determine	the	customer’s	economic	incentive	to	exercise.	The	performance	obligations	and	the	pattern	ofrecognizing	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	consistent	with	automotive	sales	without	resale	value	guarantees	with	the	exception	of	ourestimate	for	sales	return	reserve.	Sales	return	reserves	for	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	are	estimated	based	on	historical	experience	plusconsideration	for	expected	future	market	values.	On	a	quarterly	basis,	we	assess	the	estimated	market	values	of	vehicles	under	our	buyback	options	program	todetermine	whether	there	have	been	changes	to	the	likelihood	of	future	product	returns.	As	we	accumulate	more	data	related	to	the	buyback	values	of	ourvehicles	or	as	market	conditions	change,	there	may	be	material	changes	to	their	estimated	values.	Due	to	price	adjustments	we	made	to	our	vehicle	offeringsduring	2020,	we	estimated	that	there	is	a	greater	likelihood	that	customers	will	exercise	their	buyback	options	that	were	provided	prior	to	such	adjustments.	Asa	result,	along	with	the	estimated	variable	consideration	related	to	normal	future	product	returns	for	vehicles	sold	under	the	buyback	options	program,	weadjusted	our	sales	return	reserve	on	vehicles	previously	sold	under	our	buyback	options	program	resulting	in	a	reduction	of	automotive	sales	revenues	of	$72million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	If	customers	elect	to	exercise	the	buyback	option,	we	expect	to	be	able	to	subsequently	resell	the	returnedvehicles,	which	resulted	in	a	corresponding	reduction	in	cost	of	automotive	sales	of	$42	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	The	net	impact	was	$30million	reduction	in	gross	profit	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	The	total	sales	return	reserve	on	vehicles	previously	sold	under	our	buyback	optionsprogram	was	$703	million	and	$639	million	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	December	31,	2019,	respectively,	of	which	$202	million	and	$93	million	was	shortterm,	respectively.Deferred	revenue	activity	related	to	the	access	to	our	Supercharger	network,	internet	connectivity,	FSD	features	and	over-the-air	software	updates	onautomotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value	guarantee	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			Year	ended	December	31,			2020		2019	Deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without			resale	value	guarantee—	beginning	of	period	$1,472		$883	Additions		724			880	Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	contracts		56			9	Revenue	recognized		(326)		(300)Deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without			resale	value	guarantee—	end	of	period	$1,926		$1,472		Deferred	revenue	is	equivalent	to	the	total	transaction	price	allocated	to	the	performance	obligations	that	are	unsatisfied,	or	partially	unsatisfied,	as	ofDecember	31,	2020.	From	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2019,	revenue	recognized	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020	was$283	million.	From	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2018,	revenue	recognized	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019	was	$220	million.	Ofthe	total	deferred	revenue	on	automotive	sales	with	and	without	resale	value	guarantees	as	of	December	31,	2020,	we	expect	to	recognize	$1.13	billion	ofrevenue	in	the	next	12	months.	The	remaining	balance	will	be	recognized	over	the	performance	period	as	discussed	above	in	Automotive	Sales	without	ResaleValue	Guarantee.Automotive	Regulatory	CreditsWe	earn	tradable	credits	in	the	operation	of	our	automotive	business	under	various	regulations	related	to	zero-emission	vehicles,	greenhouse	gas,	fueleconomy	and	clean	fuel.	We	sell	these	credits	to	other	regulated	entities	who	can	use	the	credits	to	comply	with	emission	standards	and	other	regulatoryrequirements.62	Payments	for	automotive	regulatory	credits	are	typically	received	at	the	point	control	transfers	to	the	customer,	or	in	accordance	with	payment	termscustomary	to	the	business.	We	recognize	revenue	on	the	sale	of	automotive	regulatory	credits	at	the	time	control	of	the	regulatory	credits	is	transferred	to	thepurchasing	party	as	automotive	sales	revenue	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	Revenue	from	the	sale	of	automotive	regulatory	credits	totaled	$1.58billion,	$594	million	and	$419	million	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	respectively.	Deferred	revenue	related	to	sales	of	automotiveregulatory	credits	was	$21	million	and	$140	million	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	respectively.	We	expect	to	recognize	the	majority	of	the	deferred	revenueas	of	December	31,	2020	in	the	next	12	months.Automotive	Leasing	RevenueDirect	Vehicle	Operating	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	leases	under	our	direct	vehicle	operating	leasing	programs	in	the	U.S.,	Canada	and	in	certain	countries	in	Europe.	Qualifyingcustomers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	from	Tesla	for	up	to	48	months.	At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	customers	are	required	to	return	the	vehiclesto	us	or	for	Model	S	and	Model	X	leases	in	certain	regions,	may	opt	to	purchase	the	vehicles	for	a	pre-determined	residual	value.	We	account	for	these	leasingtransactions	as	operating	leases.	We	record	leasing	revenues	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	term,	and	we	recordthe	depreciation	of	these	vehicles	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	recognized	$752	million,$532	million	and	$393	million	of	direct	vehicle	leasing	revenue,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	we	had	deferred	$293	million	and$218	million,	respectively,	of	lease-related	upfront	payments,	which	will	be	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	contractual	terms	of	the	individualleases.Our	policy	is	to	exclude	taxes	collected	from	a	customer	from	the	transaction	price	of	automotive	contracts.Vehicle	Sales	to	Leasing	Partners	with	a	Resale	Value	Guarantee	and	a	Buyback	OptionWe	offered	buyback	options	in	connection	with	automotive	sales	with	resale	value	guarantees	with	certain	leasing	partner	sales	in	the	U.S.	and	wherewe	expected	the	customer	had	a	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	the	resale	value	guarantee	provided	to	them	at	contract	inception,	we	continued	torecognize	these	transactions	as	operating	leases.	These	transactions	entailed	a	transfer	of	leases,	which	we	had	originated	with	an	end-customer,	to	our	leasingpartner.	As	control	of	the	vehicles	had	not	been	transferred	in	accordance	with	ASC	606,	these	transactions	were	accounted	for	as	interest-bearingcollateralized	borrowings	in	accordance	with	ASC	840,	Leases,	prior	to	January	1,	2019.	Under	this	program,	cash	was	received	for	the	full	price	of	the	vehicleand	the	collateralized	borrowing	value	was	generally	recorded	within	resale	value	guarantees	and	the	customer	upfront	down	payment	was	recorded	withindeferred	revenue.	We	amortize	the	deferred	revenue	amount	to	automotive	leasing	revenue	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	option	period	and	accrue	interestexpense	based	on	our	borrowing	rate.	The	option	period	expires	at	the	earlier	of	the	end	of	the	contractual	option	period	or	the	pay-off	of	the	initial	loan.	Wecapitalized	vehicles	under	this	program	to	operating	lease	vehicles,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets,	and	we	record	depreciation	from	these	vehicles	tocost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	during	the	period	the	vehicle	is	under	a	lease	arrangement.	Cash	received	for	these	vehicles,	net	of	revenue	recognizedduring	the	period,	is	classified	as	collateralized	lease	(repayments)	borrowings	within	cash	flows	from	financing	activities	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cashflows.	Following	the	adoption	of	ASC	842	on	January	1,	2019,	all	new	agreements	under	this	program	are	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	and	there	was	nomaterial	change	in	the	timing	and	amount	of	revenue	recognized	over	the	term.	Consequently,	any	cash	flows	for	new	agreements	are	classified	as	operatingcash	activities	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.At	the	end	of	the	lease	term,	we	settle	our	liability	in	cash	by	either	purchasing	the	vehicle	from	the	leasing	partner	for	the	buyback	option	amount	orpaying	a	shortfall	to	the	option	amount	the	leasing	partner	may	realize	on	the	sale	of	the	vehicle.	Any	remaining	balances	within	deferred	revenue	and	resalevalue	guarantee	will	be	settled	to	automotive	leasing	revenue.	The	end	customer	can	extend	the	lease	for	a	period	of	up	to	6	months.	In	cases	where	the	leasingpartner	retains	ownership	of	the	vehicle	after	the	end	of	our	option	period,	we	expense	the	net	value	of	the	leased	vehicle	to	cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue.The	maximum	amount	we	could	be	required	to	pay	under	this	program,	should	we	decide	to	repurchase	all	vehicles,	was	$42	million	and	$214	million	as	ofDecember	31,	2020	and	2019,	respectively,	including	$23	million	within	a	12-month	period	from	December	31,	2020.	As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	wehad	$42	million	and	$238	million,	respectively,	of	such	borrowings	recorded	in	accrued	liabilities	and	other	and	other	long-term	liabilities	and	$11	million	and$29	million,	respectively,	recorded	in	deferred	revenue	liability.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	recognized	$77	million,	$186million	and	$332	million,	respectively,	of	leasing	revenue	related	to	this	program.	The	net	carrying	amount	of	operating	lease	vehicles	under	this	program	was$43	million	and	$190	million,	respectively,	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019.63									Direct	Sales-Type	Leasing	ProgramWe	have	outstanding	direct	leases	and	vehicles	financed	by	us	under	loan	arrangements	accounted	for	as	sales-type	leases	under	ASC	842	in	certaincountries	in	Asia	and	Europe,	which	we	introduced	in	volume	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020.	Depending	on	the	specific	program,	customers	may	or	may	nothave	a	right	to	return	the	vehicle	to	us	during	or	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term.	If	the	customer	does	not	have	a	right	to	return,	the	customer	will	take	title	to	thevehicle	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	after	making	all	contractual	payments.	Under	the	programs	for	which	there	is	a	right	to	return,	the	purchase	option	isreasonably	certain	to	be	exercised	by	the	lessee	and	we	therefore	expect	the	customer	to	take	title	to	the	vehicle	at	the	end	of	the	lease	term	after	making	allcontractual	payments.	Qualifying	customers	are	permitted	to	lease	a	vehicle	directly	under	these	programs	for	up	to	48	months.	Our	loan	arrangements	underthese	programs	can	have	terms	for	up	to	72	months.	We	recognize	all	revenue	and	costs	associated	with	the	sales-type	lease	as	automotive	leasing	revenue	andautomotive	leasing	cost	of	revenue,	respectively,	upon	delivery	of	the	vehicle	to	the	customer.	Interest	income	based	on	the	implicit	rate	in	the	lease	is	recordedto	automotive	leasing	revenue	over	time	as	customers	are	invoiced	on	a	monthly	basis.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	we	recognized	$120	million	ofsales-type	leasing	revenue	and	$87	million	of	sales-type	leasing	cost	of	revenue.			Services	and	Other	RevenueServices	and	other	revenue	consists	of	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	retail	merchandise,	sales	by	our	acquiredsubsidiaries	to	third	party	customers,	and	vehicle	insurance	revenue.Revenues	related	to	repair	and	maintenance	services	are	recognized	over	time	as	services	are	provided	and	extended	service	plans	are	recognized	overthe	performance	period	of	the	service	contract	as	the	obligation	represents	a	stand-ready	obligation	to	the	customer.	We	sell	used	vehicles,	services,	serviceplans,	vehicle	components	and	merchandise	separately	and	thus	use	standalone	selling	prices	as	the	basis	for	revenue	allocation	to	the	extent	that	these	itemsare	sold	in	transactions	with	other	performance	obligations.	Payment	for	used	vehicles,	services,	and	merchandise	are	typically	received	at	the	point	whencontrol	transfers	to	the	customer	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.	Payments	received	for	prepaid	plans	are	refundable	uponcustomer	cancellation	of	the	related	contracts	and	are	included	within	customer	deposits	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Deferred	revenue	related	toservices	and	other	revenue	was	immaterial	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019.	Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	Generation	and	Storage	SalesEnergy	generation	and	storage	sales	revenue	consists	of	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storage	systems	to	residential,	small	commercial,and	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	customers.	Energy	generation	and	storage	sales	revenue	also	includes	revenue	from	agreements	for	solar	energysystems	and	power	purchase	agreements	(“PPAs”)	that	commence	after	January	1,	2019,	which	is	recognized	as	earned,	based	on	the	amount	of	capacityprovided	for	solar	energy	systems	or	electricity	delivered	for	PPAs	at	the	contractual	billing	rates,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	beenmet.	Under	the	practical	expedient	available	under	ASC	606-10-55-18,	we	recognize	revenue	based	on	the	value	of	the	service	which	is	consistent	with	thebilling	amount.	Sales	of	solar	energy	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and	installation	of	thesystem.	Post	installation,	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	receive	a	proprietary	monitoring	system	that	captures	and	displays	historical	energygeneration	data.	Residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	pay	the	full	purchase	price	of	the	solar	energy	system	upfront.	Revenue	for	the	design	andinstallation	obligation	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	we	install	a	solar	energy	system	and	the	system	passes	inspection	by	the	utility	orthe	authority	having	jurisdiction.	Revenue	for	the	monitoring	service	is	recognized	ratably	as	a	stand-ready	obligation	over	the	warranty	period	of	the	solarenergy	system.	Sales	of	energy	storage	systems	to	residential	and	small	scale	commercial	customers	consist	of	the	installation	of	the	energy	storage	system	andrevenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	been	delivered	or,	if	we	are	performing	installation,	when	installed	andcommissioned.	Payment	for	such	storage	systems	is	made	upon	invoice	or	in	accordance	with	payment	terms	customary	to	the	business.For	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	which	consist	of	the	engineering,	design,	and	installation	ofthe	system,	customers	make	milestone	payments	that	are	consistent	with	contract-specific	phases	of	a	project.	Revenue	from	such	contracts	is	recognized	overtime	using	the	percentage	of	completion	method	based	on	cost	incurred	as	a	percentage	of	total	estimated	contract	costs	for	energy	storage	system	sales	and	asa	percentage	of	total	estimated	labor	hours	for	solar	energy	system	sales.	Certain	large-scale	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energystorage	system	sales	also	include	operations	and	maintenance	service	which	are	negotiated	with	the	design	and	installation	contracts	and	are	thus	consideredto	be	a	combined	contract	with	the	design	and	installation	service.	For	certain	large	commercial	and	utility	grade	solar	energy	systems	and	energy	storagesystems	where	the	percentage	of	completion	method	does	not	apply,	revenue	is	recognized	when	control	transfers,	which	is	when	the	product	has	beendelivered	to	the	customer	and	commissioned	for	energy	storage	systems	and	when	the	project	has	received	permission	to	operate	from	the	utility	for	solarenergy	systems.	Operations	and	maintenance	service	revenue	is	recognized	ratably	over	the	respective	contract	term	for	solar	energy	system	sales	and	upondelivery	of	the	service	for	energy	storage	system	sales.	Customer	payments	for	such	services	are	usually	paid	annually	or	quarterly	in	advance.64	In	instances	where	there	are	multiple	performance	obligations	in	a	single	contract,	we	allocate	the	consideration	to	the	various	obligations	in	thecontract	based	on	the	relative	standalone	selling	price	method.	Standalone	selling	prices	are	estimated	based	on	estimated	costs	plus	margin	or	using	marketdata	for	comparable	products.	Costs	incurred	on	the	sale	of	residential	installations	before	the	solar	energy	systems	are	completed	are	included	as	work	inprocess	within	inventory	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Any	fees	that	are	paid	or	payable	by	us	to	a	solar	loan	lender	would	be	recognized	as	an	offsetagainst	revenue.	Costs	to	obtain	a	contract	relate	mainly	to	commissions	paid	to	our	sales	personnel	related	to	the	sale	of	solar	energy	systems	and	energystorage	systems.	As	our	contract	costs	related	to	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	sales	are	typically	fulfilled	within	one	year,	the	costs	to	obtaina	contract	are	expensed	as	incurred.As	part	of	our	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts,	we	may	provide	the	customer	with	performance	guarantees	that	warrant	thatthe	underlying	system	will	meet	or	exceed	the	minimum	energy	generation	or	energy	performance	requirements	specified	in	the	contract.	In	certain	instances,we	may	receive	a	bonus	payment	if	the	system	performs	above	a	specified	level.	Conversely,	if	a	solar	energy	system	or	energy	storage	system	does	not	meetthe	performance	guarantee	requirements,	we	may	be	required	to	pay	liquidated	damages.	Other	forms	of	variable	consideration	related	to	our	large	commercialand	utility	grade	solar	energy	system	and	energy	storage	system	contracts	include	variable	customer	payments	that	will	be	made	based	on	our	energy	marketparticipation	activities.	Such	guarantees	and	variable	customer	payments	represent	a	form	of	variable	consideration	and	are	estimated	at	contract	inception	attheir	most	likely	amount	and	updated	at	the	end	of	each	reporting	period	as	additional	performance	data	becomes	available.	Such	estimates	are	included	in	thetransaction	price	only	to	the	extent	that	it	is	probable	a	significant	reversal	of	revenue	will	not	occur.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	non-refundable	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers	related	to	fees	charged	for	prepayments	and	remotemonitoring	service	and	operations	and	maintenance	service,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	ofDecember	31,	2020	and	2019,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to	$187	million	and	$156	million,	respectively.	Revenuerecognized	from	the	deferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2019	was	$34	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	Revenue	recognized	from	thedeferred	revenue	balance	as	of	December	31,	2018	was	$41	million	for	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019.	We	have	elected	the	practical	expedient	to	omitdisclosure	of	the	amount	of	the	transaction	price	allocated	to	remaining	performance	obligations	for	energy	generation	and	storage	sales	with	an	originalexpected	contract	length	of	one	year	or	less	and	the	amount	that	we	have	the	right	to	invoice	when	that	amount	corresponds	directly	with	the	value	of	theperformance	to	date.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	total	transaction	price	allocated	to	performance	obligations	that	were	unsatisfied	or	partially	unsatisfied	forcontracts	with	an	original	expected	length	of	more	than	one	year	was	$100	million.	Of	this	amount,	we	expect	to	recognize	$6	million	in	the	next	12	months	andthe	remaining	over	a	period	up	to	27	years.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	LeasingFor	revenue	arrangements	where	we	are	the	lessor	under	operating	lease	agreements	for	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	we	record	leaserevenue	from	minimum	lease	payments,	including	upfront	rebates	and	incentives	earned	from	such	systems,	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	life	of	the	leaseterm,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	have	been	met.	The	difference	between	the	payments	received	and	the	revenue	recognized	is	recorded	asdeferred	revenue	or	deferred	asset	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.For	solar	energy	systems	where	customers	purchase	electricity	from	us	under	PPAs	prior	to	January	1,	2019,	we	have	determined	that	these	agreementsshould	be	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	pursuant	to	ASC	840.	Revenue	is	recognized	based	on	the	amount	of	electricity	delivered	at	rates	specified	underthe	contracts,	assuming	all	other	revenue	recognition	criteria	are	met.We	record	as	deferred	revenue	any	amounts	that	are	collected	from	customers,	including	lease	prepayments,	in	excess	of	revenue	recognized	andoperations	and	maintenance	service	fees,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	ratably	over	the	respective	customer	contract	term.	As	of	December	31,	2020	and2019,	deferred	revenue	related	to	such	customer	payments	amounted	to	$206	million	and	$226	million,	respectively.	Deferred	revenue	also	includes	the	portionof	rebates	and	incentives	received	from	utility	companies	and	various	local	and	state	government	agencies,	which	is	recognized	as	revenue	over	the	lease	term.As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	deferred	revenue	from	rebates	and	incentives	amounted	to	$29	million	and	$36	million,	respectively.We	capitalize	initial	direct	costs	from	the	execution	of	agreements	for	solar	energy	systems	and	PPAs,	which	include	the	referral	fees	and	salescommissions,	as	an	element	of	solar	energy	systems,	net,	and	subsequently	amortize	these	costs	over	the	term	of	the	related	agreements.65	Cost	of	RevenuesAutomotive	SegmentAutomotive	SalesCost	of	automotive	sales	revenue	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	labor	costs,	manufacturing	overhead,	including	depreciation	costs	of	tooling	andmachinery,	shipping	and	logistic	costs,	vehicle	connectivity	costs,	allocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network,	andreserves	for	estimated	warranty	expenses.	Cost	of	automotive	sales	revenues	also	includes	adjustments	to	warranty	expense	and	charges	to	write	down	thecarrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasteddemand.Automotive	LeasingCost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	includes	the	amortization	of	operating	lease	vehicles	over	the	lease	term,	cost	of	goods	sold	associated	with	directsales-type	leases,	as	well	as	warranty	expenses	related	to	leased	vehicles.	Cost	of	automotive	leasing	revenue	also	includes	vehicle	connectivity	costs	andallocations	of	electricity	and	infrastructure	costs	related	to	our	Supercharger	network	for	vehicles	under	our	leasing	programs.Services	and	OtherCosts	of	services	and	other	revenue	includes	costs	associated	with	providing	non-warranty	after-sales	services,	costs	to	acquire	and	certify	usedvehicles,	costs	for	retail	merchandise,	and	costs	to	provide	vehicle	insurance.	Cost	of	services	and	other	revenue	also	includes	direct	parts,	material	and	laborcosts,	manufacturing	overhead	associated	with	the	sales	by	our	acquired	subsidiaries	to	third	party	customers.Energy	Generation	and	Storage	SegmentEnergy	Generation	and	StorageCost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	includes	direct	and	indirect	material	and	labor	costs,	warehouse	rent,	freight,	warranty	expense,	otheroverhead	costs	and	amortization	of	certain	acquired	intangible	assets.	Cost	of	energy	generation	and	storage	revenue	also	includes	charges	to	write	down	thecarrying	value	of	our	inventory	when	it	exceeds	its	estimated	net	realizable	value	and	to	provide	for	obsolete	and	on-hand	inventory	in	excess	of	forecasteddemand.	In	agreements	for	solar	energy	system	and	PPAs	where	we	are	the	lessor,	the	cost	of	revenue	is	primarily	comprised	of	depreciation	of	the	cost	ofleased	solar	energy	systems,	maintenance	costs	associated	with	those	systems	and	amortization	of	any	initial	direct	costs.	LeasesWe	adopted	ASC	842,	Leases,	as	of	January	1,	2019	using	the	cumulative	effect	adjustment	approach	(“adoption	of	the	new	lease	standard”).	In	addition,we	elected	the	package	of	practical	expedients	permitted	under	the	transition	guidance	within	the	new	standard,	which	allowed	us	to	carry	forward	the	historicaldetermination	of	contracts	as	leases,	lease	classification	and	not	reassess	initial	direct	costs	for	historical	lease	arrangements.	Accordingly,	previously	reportedfinancial	statements,	including	footnote	disclosures,	have	not	been	recast	to	reflect	the	application	of	the	new	standard	to	all	comparative	periods	presented.	Thefinance	lease	classification	under	ASC	842	includes	leases	previously	classified	as	capital	leases	under	ASC	840.Research	and	Development	CostsResearch	and	development	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred.Marketing,	Promotional	and	Advertising	CostsMarketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	are	expensed	as	incurred	and	are	included	as	an	element	of	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	inthe	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Marketing,	promotional	and	advertising	costs	were	immaterial	for							the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and2018.Income	TaxesIncome	taxes	are	computed	using	the	asset	and	liability	method,	under	which	deferred	tax	assets	and	liabilities	are	determined	based	on	the	differencebetween	the	financial	statement	and	tax	bases	of	assets	and	liabilities	using	enacted	tax	rates	in	effect	for	the	year	in	which	the	differences	are	expected	toaffect	taxable	income.	Valuation	allowances	are	established	when	necessary	to	reduce	deferred	tax	assets	to	the	amount	expected	to	be	realized.66	We	record	liabilities	related	to	uncertain	tax	positions	when,	despite	our	belief	that	our	tax	return	positions	are	supportable,	we	believe	that	it	is	morelikely	than	not	that	those	positions	may	not	be	fully	sustained	upon	review	by	tax	authorities.	Accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	taxbenefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense.The	Tax	Cuts	and	Jobs	Act	("TCJA")	subjects	a	U.S.	shareholder	to	tax	on	global	intangible	low-taxed	income	(“GILTI”)	earned	by	certain	foreignsubsidiaries.	Under	GAAP,	we	can	make	an	accounting	policy	election	to	either	treat	taxes	due	on	the	GILTI	inclusion	as	a	current	period	expense	or	factor	suchamounts	into	our	measurement	of	deferred	taxes.	We	elected	the	deferred	method,	under	which	we	recorded	the	corresponding	deferred	tax	assets	andliabilities	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets,	currently	subject	to	valuation	allowance.				Comprehensive	Income	(Loss)Comprehensive	income	(loss)	is	comprised	of	net	income	(loss)	and	other	comprehensive	income	(loss).	Other	comprehensive	income	(loss)	consists	offoreign	currency	translation	adjustments	that	have	been	excluded	from	the	determination	of	net	income	(loss).Stock-Based	CompensationWe	recognize	compensation	expense	for	costs	related	to	all	share-based	payments,	including	stock	options,	restricted	stock	units	(“RSUs”)	and	ouremployee	stock	purchase	plan	(the	“ESPP”).	The	fair	value	of	stock	option	awards	with	only	service	and/or	performance	conditions	is	estimated	on	the	grant	oroffering	date	using	the	Black-Scholes	option-pricing	model.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	ourcommon	stock.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	requisite	service	period,	net	of	actual	forfeitures	in	the	period.For	performance-based	awards,	stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recognized	over	the	expected	performance	achievement	period	of	individualperformance	milestones	when	the	achievement	of	each	individual	performance	milestone	becomes	probable.	For	performance-based	awards	with	a	vestingschedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	both	performance	and	market	conditions,	stock-based	compensation	expense	associated	with	each	tranche	isrecognized	over	the	longer	of	(i)	the	expected	achievement	period	for	the	operational	milestone	for	such	tranche	and	(ii)	the	expected	achievement	period	forthe	related	market	capitalization	milestone	determined	on	the	grant	date,	beginning	at	the	point	in	time	when	the	relevant	operational	milestone	is	consideredprobable	of	being	achieved.	If	such	operational	milestone	becomes	probable	any	time	after	the	grant	date,	we	will	recognize	a	cumulative	catch-up	expensefrom	the	grant	date	to	that	point	in	time.	If	the	related	market	capitalization	milestone	is	achieved	earlier	than	its	expected	achievement	period	and	theachievement	of	the	related	operational	milestone,	then	the	stock-based	compensation	expense	will	be	recognized	over	the	expected	achievement	period	for	theoperational	milestone,	which	may	accelerate	the	rate	at	which	such	expense	is	recognized.	The	fair	value	of	such	awards	is	estimated	on	the	grant	date	usingMonte	Carlo	simulations	(see	Note	14,	Equity	Incentive	Plans).As	we	accumulate	additional	employee	stock-based	awards	data	over	time	and	as	we	incorporate	market	data	related	to	our	common	stock,	we	maycalculate	significantly	different	volatilities	and	expected	lives,	which	could	materially	impact	the	valuation	of	our	stock-based	awards	and	the	stock-basedcompensation	expense	that	we	will	recognize	in	future	periods.	Stock-based	compensation	expense	is	recorded	in	cost	of	revenues,	research	and	developmentexpense	and	selling,	general	and	administrative	expense	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.67	Noncontrolling	Interests	and	Redeemable	Noncontrolling	InterestsNoncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	represent	third-party	interests	in	the	net	assets	under	certain	funding	arrangements,or	funds,	that	we	enter	into	to	finance	the	costs	of	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles	under	operating	leases.	We	have	determined	that	the	contractualprovisions	of	the	funds	represent	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements.	We	have	further	determined	that	the	methodology	for	calculating	the	noncontrollinginterest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balances	that	reflects	the	substantive	profit	sharing	arrangements	is	a	balance	sheet	approach	using	thehypothetical	liquidation	at	book	value	(“HLBV”)	method.	We,	therefore,	determine	the	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrollinginterests	in	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	at	each	balance	sheet	date	using	the	HLBV	method,	which	is	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	asnoncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries.	Under	the	HLBV	method,	the	amounts	reported	asnoncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	represent	the	amounts	the	third	parties	wouldhypothetically	receive	at	each	balance	sheet	date	under	the	liquidation	provisions	of	the	funds,	assuming	the	net	assets	of	the	funds	were	liquidated	at	theirrecorded	amounts	determined	in	accordance	with	GAAP	and	with	tax	laws	effective	at	the	balance	sheet	date	and	distributed	to	the	third	parties.	The	thirdparties’	interests	in	the	results	of	operations	of	the	funds	are	determined	as	the	difference	in	the	noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interestbalances	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	between	the	start	and	end	of	each	reporting	period,	after	taking	into	account	any	capital	transactions	between	thefunds	and	the	third	parties.	However,	the	redeemable	noncontrolling	interest	balance	is	at	least	equal	to	the	redemption	amount.	The	redeemablenoncontrolling	interest	balance	is	presented	as	temporary	equity	in	the	mezzanine	section	of	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	since	these	third	parties	have	theright	to	redeem	their	interests	in	the	funds	for	cash	or	other	assets.	For	certain	funds,	there	may	be	significant	fluctuations	in	the	ending	balance	of	redeemablenoncontrolling	interest	in	subsidiaries	and	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable	noncontrolling	interests	in	subsidiaries	dueto	changes	in	the	liquidation	provisions	as	time-based	milestones	are	reached.Net	Income	(Loss)	per	Share	of	Common	Stock	Attributable	to	Common	StockholdersBasic	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	attributable	to	common	stockholders	is	calculated	by	dividing	net	income	(loss)	attributable	tocommon	stockholders	by	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	outstanding	for	the	period.	During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	we	decreasednet	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders	by	$31	million	to	arrive	at	the	numerator	used	to	calculate	net	income	per	share.	During	the	year	endedDecember	31,	2019,	we	increased	net	loss	attributable	to	common	stockholders	by	$8	million	to	arrive	at	the	numerator	used	to	calculate	net	loss	per	share.These	adjustments	represent	the	difference	between	the	cash	we	paid	to	the	financing	fund	investors	for	their	noncontrolling	interest	in	our	subsidiaries	andthe	carrying	amount	of	the	noncontrolling	interest	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheets,	in	accordance	with	ASC	260,	Earnings	per	Share.	Potentially	dilutiveshares,	which	are	based	on	the	weighted-average	shares	of	common	stock	underlying	outstanding	stock-based	awards,	warrants	and	convertible	senior	notesusing	the	treasury	stock	method	or	the	if-converted	method,	as	applicable,	are	included	when	calculating	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stockattributable	to	common	stockholders	when	their	effect	is	dilutive.	Since	we	intend	to	settle	or	have	settled	in	cash	the	principal	outstanding	under	our	0.25%Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2019	(“2019	Notes”),	1.25%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2021	(“2021	Notes”),	2.375%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in2022	(“2022	Notes”),	2024	Notes	and	our	subsidiary’s	5.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022,	we	use	the	treasury	stock	method	applied	using	ouraverage	share	price	during	the	period	when	calculating	their	potential	dilutive	effect,	if	any.	Furthermore,	in	connection	with	the	offerings	of	our	convertiblesenior	notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	(see	Note	12,	Debt).	However,	our	convertible	note	hedges	are	not	included	whencalculating	potentially	dilutive	shares	since	their	effect	is	always	anti-dilutive.	Warrants	which	have	a	strike	price	above	our	average	share	price	during	theperiod	were	out	of	the	money	and	were	not	included	in	the	tables	below.	Warrants	will	be	included	in	the	weighted-average	shares	used	in	computing	basic	netincome	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock	in	the	period(s)	they	are	settled.	The	following	table	presents	the	reconciliation	of	basic	to	diluted	weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	commonstock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing			net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common			stock,	basic		933			887			853	Add:												Stock-based	awards		66			—			—	Convertible	senior	notes		47			—			—	Warrants		37			—			—	Weighted	average	shares	used	in	computing			net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	common	stock,			diluted		1,083			887			853	68		The	following	table	presents	the	potentially	dilutive	shares	that	were	excluded	from	the	computation	of	diluted	net	income	(loss)	per	share	of	commonstock	attributable	to	common	stockholders,	because	their	effect	was	anti-dilutive	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Stock-based	awards		2			50			50	Convertible	senior	notes		1			5			7	Warrants		—			—			1			Business	CombinationsWe	account	for	business	acquisitions	under	ASC	805,	Business	Combinations.	The	total	purchase	consideration	for	an	acquisition	is	measured	as	the	fairvalue	of	the	assets	given,	equity	instruments	issued	and	liabilities	assumed	at	the	acquisition	date.	Costs	that	are	directly	attributable	to	the	acquisition	areexpensed	as	incurred.	Identifiable	assets	(including	intangible	assets),	liabilities	assumed	(including	contingent	liabilities)	and	noncontrolling	interests	in	anacquisition	are	measured	initially	at	their	fair	values	at	the	acquisition	date.	We	recognize	goodwill	if	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	anynoncontrolling	interests	is	in	excess	of	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilities	assumed.	We	recognize	a	bargain	purchase	gainwithin	other	income	(expense),	net,	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations	if	the	net	fair	value	of	the	identifiable	assets	acquired	and	the	liabilitiesassumed	is	in	excess	of	the	fair	value	of	the	total	purchase	consideration	and	any	noncontrolling	interests.	We	include	the	results	of	operations	of	the	acquiredbusiness	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements	beginning	on	the	acquisition	date.Cash	and	Cash	EquivalentsAll	highly	liquid	investments	with	an	original	maturity	of	three	months	or	less	at	the	date	of	purchase	are	considered	cash	equivalents.	Our	cashequivalents	are	primarily	comprised	of	money	market	funds.Restricted	CashWe	maintain	certain	cash	balances	restricted	as	to	withdrawal	or	use.	Our	restricted	cash	is	comprised	primarily	of	cash	as	collateral	for	our	sales	tolease	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee,	letters	of	credit,	real	estate	leases,	insurance	policies,	credit	card	borrowing	facilities	and	certain	operatingleases.	In	addition,	restricted	cash	includes	cash	received	from	certain	fund	investors	that	have	not	been	released	for	use	by	us	and	cash	held	to	service	certainpayments	under	various	secured	debt	facilities.	We	record	restricted	cash	as	other	assets	in	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	and	determine	current	or	non-current	classification	based	on	the	expected	duration	of	the	restriction.Our	total	cash	and	cash	equivalents	and	restricted	cash,	as	presented	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows,	was	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Cash	and	cash	equivalents	$19,384		$6,268		$3,686	Restricted	cash	included	in	prepaid	expenses			and	other	current	assets		238			246			193	Restricted	cash	included	in	other	non-current	assets		279			269			398	Total	as	presented	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows	$19,901		$6,783		$4,277		Accounts	Receivable	and	Allowance	for	Doubtful	AccountsAccounts	receivable	primarily	include	amounts	related	to	receivables	from	financial	institutions	and	leasing	companies	offering	various	financingproducts	to	our	customers,	sales	of	energy	generation	and	storage	products,	sales	of	regulatory	credits	to	other	automotive	manufacturers,	government	rebatesalready	passed	through	to	customers	and	maintenance	services	on	vehicles	owned	by	leasing	companies.	We	provide	an	allowance	against	accounts	receivablefor	the	amount	we	expect	to	be	uncollectible.	We	write-off	accounts	receivable	against	the	allowance	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible.69	Depending	on	the	day	of	the	week	on	which	the	end	of	a	fiscal	quarter	falls,	our	accounts	receivable	balance	may	fluctuate	as	we	are	waiting	for	certaincustomer	payments	to	clear	through	our	banking	institutions	and	receipts	of	payments	from	our	financing	partners,	which	can	take	up	to	approximately	twoweeks	based	on	the	contractual	payment	terms	with	such	partners.	Our	accounts	receivable	balances	associated	with	our	sales	of	regulatory	credits,	which	aretypically	transferred	to	other	manufacturers	during	the	last	few	days	of	the	quarter,	is	dependent	on	contractual	payment	terms.	Additionally,	governmentrebates	can	take	up	to	a	year	or	more	to	be	collected	depending	on	the	customary	processing	timelines	of	the	specific	jurisdictions	issuing	them.	These	variousfactors	may	have	a	significant	impact	on	our	accounts	receivable	balance	from	period	to	period.MyPower	Customer	Notes	ReceivableWe	have	customer	notes	receivable	under	the	legacy	MyPower	loan	program.	MyPower	was	offered	by	one	of	our	subsidiaries	to	provide	residentialcustomers	with	the	option	to	finance	the	purchase	of	a	solar	energy	system	through	a	30-year	loan.	The	outstanding	balances,	net	of	any	allowance	for	creditlosses,	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	a	component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	other	non-current	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.	We	adopted	ASC	326,	Financial	Instruments	–	Credit	Losses,	on	January	1,	2020	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis.Under	ASC	326,	expected	credit	loss	for	customer	notes	receivable	are	measured	on	a	collective	basis	and	are	determined	as	the	difference	between	theamortized	cost	basis	and	the	present	value	of	cash	flows	expected	to	be	collected.	In	determining	expected	credit	losses,	we	consider	our	historical	level	ofcredit	losses,	current	economic	trends,	and	reasonable	and	supportable	forecasts	that	affect	the	collectability	of	the	future	cash	flows.	We	write-off	customernotes	receivable	when	they	are	deemed	uncollectible	and	the	amount	of	potentially	uncollectible	amounts	has	been	insignificant.	Using	a	modified	retrospectiveapproach	for	the	impact	upon	adoption,	we	recorded	an	increase	to	the	allowance	for	credit	losses	of	$37	million	on	January	1,	2020,	with	an	offset	toaccumulated	deficit.	As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	the	total	outstanding	balance	of	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	net	of	allowance	for	creditlosses,	was	$334	million	and	$402	million,	respectively,	of	which	$9	million	was	due	in	the	next	12	months	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	respectively.	Asof	December	31,	2020,	the	allowance	for	credit	losses	was	$45	million.	In	addition,	there	were	no	material	non-accrual	or	past	due	customer	notes	receivable	asof	December	31,	2020.Concentration	of	RiskCredit	RiskFinancial	instruments	that	potentially	subject	us	to	a	concentration	of	credit	risk	consist	of	cash,	cash	equivalents,	restricted	cash,	accounts	receivable,convertible	note	hedges,	and	interest	rate	swaps.	Our	cash	balances	are	primarily	invested	in	money	market	funds	or	on	deposit	at	high	credit	quality	financialinstitutions	in	the	U.S.	These	deposits	are	typically	in	excess	of	insured	limits.	As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	no	entity	represented	10%	or	more	of	ourtotal	accounts	receivable	balance.	The	risk	of	concentration	for	our	convertible	note	hedges	and	interest	rate	swaps	is	mitigated	by	transacting	with	severalhighly-rated	multinational	banks.Supply	RiskWe	are	dependent	on	our	suppliers,	the	majority	of	which	are	single	source	suppliers,	and	the	inability	of	these	suppliers	to	deliver	necessarycomponents	of	our	products	in	a	timely	manner	at	prices,	quality	levels	and	volumes	acceptable	to	us,	or	our	inability	to	efficiently	manage	these	componentsfrom	these	suppliers,	could	have	a	material	adverse	effect	on	our	business,	prospects,	financial	condition	and	operating	results.Although	all	of	our	manufacturing	facilities	are	operational,	and	we	continue	to	increase	our	output	and	add	additional	capacity	and	are	working	witheach	of	our	suppliers	and	government	agencies	on	meeting,	ramping	and	sustaining	our	production,	our	ability	to	sustain	this	trajectory	depends,	among	otherthings,	on	the	readiness	and	solvency	of	our	suppliers	and	vendors	through	any	macroeconomic	factors	resulting	from	the	COVID-19	pandemic.Inventory	ValuationInventories	are	stated	at	the	lower	of	cost	or	net	realizable	value.	Cost	is	computed	using	standard	cost	for	vehicles	and	energy	storage	products,	whichapproximates	actual	cost	on	a	first-in,	first-out	basis.	In	addition,	cost	for	solar	energy	systems	is	recorded	using	actual	cost.	We	record	inventory	write-downsfor	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	based	upon	assumptions	about	current	and	future	demand	forecasts.	If	our	inventory	on-hand	is	in	excess	of	our	futuredemand	forecast,	the	excess	amounts	are	written-off.We	also	review	our	inventory	to	determine	whether	its	carrying	value	exceeds	the	net	amount	realizable	upon	the	ultimate	sale	of	the	inventory.	Thisrequires	us	to	determine	the	estimated	selling	price	of	our	vehicles	less	the	estimated	cost	to	convert	the	inventory	on-hand	into	a	finished	product.	Onceinventory	is	written-down,	a	new,	lower	cost	basis	for	that	inventory	is	established	and	subsequent	changes	in	facts	and	circumstances	do	not	result	in	therestoration	or	increase	in	that	newly	established	cost	basis.Should	our	estimates	of	future	selling	prices	or	production	costs	change,	additional	and	potentially	material	increases	to	this	reserve	may	be	required.	Asmall	change	in	our	estimates	may	result	in	a	material	charge	to	our	reported	financial	results.70	Operating	Lease	VehiclesVehicles	that	are	leased	as	part	of	our	direct	vehicle	leasing	program	and	vehicles	delivered	to	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	and	abuyback	option	where	there	is	significant	economic	incentive	to	exercise	at	contract	inception	are	classified	as	operating	lease	vehicles	as	the	related	revenuetransactions	are	treated	as	operating	leases	under	ASC	842	(refer	to	the	Automotive	Leasing	Revenue	section	above	for	details).	Operating	lease	vehicles	arerecorded	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	We	generally	depreciate	their	value,	less	salvage	value,	using	the	straight-line-method	to	cost	of	automotiveleasing	revenue	over	the	contractual	period.	The	gross	cost	of	operating	lease	vehicles	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019	was	$3.54	billion	and	$2.85	billion,respectively.	Operating	lease	vehicles	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	are	presented	net	of	accumulated	depreciation	of	$446	million	and	$406	million	as	ofDecember	31,	2020	and	2019,	respectively.Solar	Energy	Systems,	NetWe	are	the	lessor	of	solar	energy	systems.	Prior	to	January	1,	2019,	these	leases	were	accounted	for	as	operating	leases	in	accordance	with	ASC	840.Under	ASC	840,	to	determine	lease	classification,	we	evaluated	the	lease	terms	to	determine	whether	there	was	a	transfer	of	ownership	or	bargain	purchaseoption	at	the	end	of	the	lease,	whether	the	lease	term	was	greater	than	75%	of	the	useful	life	or	whether	the	present	value	of	the	minimum	lease	paymentsexceeded	90%	of	the	fair	value	at	lease	inception.	Agreements	for	solar	energy	system	leases	and	PPAs	that	commence	after	January	1,	2019	no	longer	meet	thedefinition	of	a	lease	upon	the	adoption	of	ASC	842	and	are	instead	accounted	for	in	accordance	with	ASC	606.	We	utilize	periodic	appraisals	to	estimate	usefullives	and	fair	values	at	lease	inception	and	residual	values	at	lease	termination.	Solar	energy	systems	are	stated	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.Depreciation	and	amortization	is	calculated	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:	Solar	energy	systems	in	service			30	to	35	yearsInitial	direct	costs	related	to	customer			solar	energy	system	lease	acquisition			costs			Lease	term	(up	to	25years)	Solar	energy	systems	pending	interconnection	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	in	service	when	they	have	been	interconnected	and	placed	in-service.	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction	represents	systems	that	are	under	installation,	which	will	be	depreciated	as	solar	energy	systems	in	servicewhen	they	are	completed,	interconnected	and	placed	in	service.	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy	system	agreement	acquisition	costs	arecapitalized	and	amortized	over	the	term	of	the	related	customer	agreements.Property,	Plant	and	Equipment,	netProperty,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	including	leasehold	improvements,	are	recognized	at	cost	less	accumulated	depreciation.	Depreciation	is	generallycomputed	using	the	straight-line	method	over	the	estimated	useful	lives	of	the	respective	assets,	as	follows:	Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and			office	furniture			2	to	12	yearsBuilding	and	building	improvements			15	to	30	yearsComputer	equipment	and	software			3	to	10	years	Leasehold	improvements	are	depreciated	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	shorter	of	their	estimated	useful	lives	or	the	terms	of	the	related	leases.Upon	the	retirement	or	sale	of	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	the	cost	and	associated	accumulated	depreciation	are	removed	from	the	consolidatedbalance	sheet,	and	the	resulting	gain	or	loss	is	reflected	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	Maintenance	and	repair	expenditures	are	expensed	asincurred	while	major	improvements	that	increase	the	functionality,	output	or	expected	life	of	an	asset	are	capitalized	and	depreciated	ratably	over	the	identifieduseful	life.Interest	expense	on	outstanding	debt	is	capitalized	during	the	period	of	significant	capital	asset	construction.	Capitalized	interest	on	construction-in-progress	is	included	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net	and	is	amortized	over	the	life	of	the	related	assets.71	Long-Lived	Assets	Including	Acquired	Intangible	AssetsWe	review	our	property,	plant	and	equipment,	solar	energy	systems,	long-term	prepayments	and	intangible	assets	for	impairment	whenever	events	orchanges	in	circumstances	indicate	that	the	carrying	amount	of	an	asset	(or	asset	group)	may	not	be	recoverable.	We	measure	recoverability	by	comparing	thecarrying	amount	to	the	future	undiscounted	cash	flows	that	the	asset	is	expected	to	generate.	If	the	asset	is	not	recoverable,	its	carrying	amount	would	beadjusted	down	to	its	fair	value.	For	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	we	have	recognized	no	material	impairments	of	our	long-lived	assets.	For	the	yearsended	December	31,	2019	and	2018,	we	have	recognized	certain	impairments	of	our	long-lived	assets	(refer	to		Note	22,	Restructuring	and	Other,	for	furtherdetails).Intangible	assets	with	definite	lives	are	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	their	estimated	useful	lives,	which	range	from	one	to	thirty	years.GoodwillWe	assess	goodwill	for	impairment	annually	in	the	fourth	quarter,	or	more	frequently	if	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	indicate	that	it	might	beimpaired,	by	comparing	its	carrying	value	to	the	reporting	unit’s	fair	value.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019,	and	2018,	we	had	not	recognizedany	impairment	of	goodwill.Capitalization	of	Software	CostsFor	costs	incurred	in	development	of	internal	use	software,	we	capitalize	costs	incurred	during	the	application	development	stage	to	property,	plant	andequipment,	net	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.	Costs	related	to	preliminary	project	activities	and	post-implementation	activities	are	expensed	as	incurred.Internal	use	software	is	amortized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	its	estimated	useful	life	of	three	years.	We	evaluate	the	useful	lives	of	these	assets	on	an	annualbasis,	and	we	test	for	impairment	whenever	events	or	changes	in	circumstances	occur	that	could	impact	the	recoverability	of	these	assets.Foreign	CurrencyWe	determine	the	functional	and	reporting	currency	of	each	of	our	international	subsidiaries	and	their	operating	divisions	based	on	the	primarycurrency	in	which	they	operate.	In	cases	where	the	functional	currency	is	not	the	U.S.	dollar,	we	recognize	a	cumulative	translation	adjustment	created	by	thedifferent	rates	we	apply	to	current	period	income	or	loss	and	the	balance	sheet.	For	each	subsidiary,	we	apply	the	monthly	average	functional	exchange	rate	toits	monthly	income	or	loss	and	the	month-end	functional	currency	rate	to	translate	the	balance	sheet.Foreign	currency	transaction	gains	and	losses	are	a	result	of	the	effect	of	exchange	rate	changes	on	transactions	denominated	in	currencies	other	thanthe	functional	currency.	Transaction	gains	and	losses	are	recognized	in	other	(expense)	income,	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	For	the	yearsended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	recorded	net	foreign	currency	transaction	losses	of	$114	million,	gains	of	$48	million	and	gains	of	$2	million,respectively.72	WarrantiesWe	provide	a	manufacturer’s	warranty	on	all	new	and	used	vehicles	and	a	warranty	on	the	installation	and	components	of	the	energy	generation	andstorage	systems	we	sell	for	periods	typically	between	10	to	25	years.	We	accrue	a	warranty	reserve	for	the	products	sold	by	us,	which	includes	our	bestestimate	of	the	projected	costs	to	repair	or	replace	items	under	warranties	and	recalls	when	identified.	These	estimates	are	based	on	actual	claims	incurred	todate	and	an	estimate	of	the	nature,	frequency	and	costs	of	future	claims.	These	estimates	are	inherently	uncertain	given	our	relatively	short	history	of	sales,and	changes	to	our	historical	or	projected	warranty	experience	may	cause	material	changes	to	the	warranty	reserve	in	the	future.	The	warranty	reserve	doesnot	include	projected	warranty	costs	associated	with	our	vehicles	subject	to	operating	lease	accounting	and	our	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	contracts	orPPAs,	as	the	costs	to	repair	these	warranty	claims	are	expensed	as	incurred.	The	portion	of	the	warranty	reserve	expected	to	be	incurred	within	the	next12	months	is	included	within	accrued	liabilities	and	other,	while	the	remaining	balance	is	included	within	other	long-term	liabilities	on	the	consolidated	balancesheets.	Warranty	expense	is	recorded	as	a	component	of	cost	of	revenues	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations.	Due	to	the	magnitude	of	our	automotivebusiness,	accrued	warranty	balance	was	primarily	related	to	our	automotive	segment.	Accrued	warranty	activity	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):				Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Accrued	warranty—beginning	of	period	$1,089		$748		$402	Warranty	costs	incurred		(312)		(250)		(209)Net	changes	in	liability	for	pre-existing	warranties,			including	expirations	and	foreign	exchange	impact		66			36			(26)Additional	warranty	accrued	from	adoption	of	ASC	606		—			—			37	Provision	for	warranty		625			555			544	Accrued	warranty—end	of	period	$1,468		$1,089		$748		Solar	Renewable	Energy	CreditsWe	account	for	Solar	Renewable	Energy	Certificates	(“SRECs”)	when	they	are	purchased	by	us	or	sold	to	third	parties.	For	SRECs	generated	by	solarenergy	systems	owned	by	us	and	minted	by	government	agencies,	we	do	not	recognize	any	specifically	identifiable	costs	as	there	are	no	specific	incrementalcosts	incurred	to	generate	the	SRECs.	We	recognize	revenue	within	the	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	from	the	sale	of	an	SREC	when	the	SREC	istransferred	to	the	buyer,	and	the	cost	of	the	SREC,	if	any,	is	then	recorded	to	energy	generation	and	storage	cost	of	revenue.Nevada	Tax	IncentivesIn	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Nevada,	we	entered	into	agreements	with	the	State	of	Nevada	and	Storey	County	in	Nevada	thatprovide	abatements	for	specified	taxes,	discounts	to	the	base	tariff	energy	rates	and	transferable	tax	credits	of	up	to	$195.0	million	in	consideration	of	capitalinvestment	and	hiring	targets	that	were	met	at	Gigafactory	Nevada.	These	incentives	are	available	until	June	2024	or	June	2034,	depending	on	the	incentive.	Asof	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	we	had	earned	the	maximum	of	$195	million	of	transferable	tax	credits	under	these	agreements.Gigafactory	Texas	Tax	IncentivesIn	connection	with	the	construction	of	Gigafactory	Texas,	we	entered	into	a	20-year	agreement	with	Travis	County	in	Texas	pursuant	to	which	we	wouldreceive	grant	funding	equal	to	70-80%	of	property	taxes	paid	by	us	to	Travis	County	and	a	separate	10-year	agreement	with	the	Del	Valle	Independent	SchoolDistrict	in	Texas	pursuant	to	which	a	portion	of	the	taxable	value	of	our	property	would	be	capped	at	a	specified	amount,	in	each	case	subject	to	our	meetingcertain	minimum	economic	development	metrics	through	our	construction	and	operations	at	Gigafactory	Texas.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	not	yetreceived	any	grant	funding	related	to	property	taxes	paid	to	Travis	County.73	Recent	Accounting	PronouncementsRecently	issued	accounting	pronouncements	not	yet	adoptedIn	December	2019,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2019-12,	Simplifying	the	Accounting	for	Income	Taxes,	as	part	of	its	initiative	to	reduce	complexity	inaccounting	standards.	The	amendments	in	the	ASU	include	removing	exceptions	to	incremental	intraperiod	tax	allocation	of	losses	and	gains	from	differentfinancial	statement	components,	exceptions	to	the	method	of	recognizing	income	taxes	on	interim	period	losses,	and	exceptions	to	deferred	tax	liabilityrecognition	related	to	foreign	subsidiary	investments.	In	addition,	the	ASU	requires	that	entities	recognize	franchise	tax	based	on	an	incremental	method	andrequires	an	entity	to	evaluate	the	accounting	for	step-ups	in	the	tax	basis	of	goodwill	as	inside	or	outside	of	a	business	combination.	The	amendments	in	theASU	are	effective	for	fiscal	years	beginning	after	December	15,	2020,	including	interim	periods	therein.	Early	adoption	of	the	standard	is	permitted,	includingadoption	in	interim	or	annual	periods	for	which	financial	statements	have	not	yet	been	issued.	We	have	not	early	adopted	this	ASU	as	of	December	31,	2020.The	ASU	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.In	March	2020,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2020-04,	Facilitation	of	the	Effects	of	Reference	Rate	Reform	on	Financial	Reporting	(Topic	848).	The	ASUprovides	optional	expedients	and	exceptions	for	applying	GAAP	to	transactions	affected	by	reference	rate	(e.g.,	LIBOR)	reform	if	certain	criteria	are	met,	for	alimited	period	of	time	to	ease	the	potential	burden	in	accounting	for	(or	recognizing	the	effects	of)	reference	rate	reform	on	financial	reporting.	The	ASU	iseffective	as	of	March	12,	2020	through	December	31,	2022.	We	will	evaluate	transactions	or	contract	modifications	occurring	as	a	result	of	reference	ratereform	and	determine	whether	to	apply	the	optional	guidance	on	an	ongoing	basis.	The	ASU	is	currently	not	expected	to	have	a	material	impact	on	ourconsolidated	financial	statements.In	August	2020,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	2020-06,	Accounting	for	Convertible	Instruments	and	Contracts	in	an	Entity’s	Own	Equity.	The	ASU	simplifies	theaccounting	for	convertible	instruments	by	removing	certain	separation	models	in	ASC	470-	20,	Debt—Debt	with	Conversion	and	Other	Options,	for	convertibleinstruments.	The	ASU	updates	the	guidance	on	certain	embedded	conversion	features	that	are	not	required	to	be	accounted	for	as	derivatives	under	Topic	815,Derivatives	and	Hedging,	or	that	do	not	result	in	substantial	premiums	accounted	for	as	paid-in	capital,	such	that	those	features	are	no	longer	required	to	beseparated	from	the	host	contract.	The	convertible	debt	instruments	will	be	accounted	for	as	a	single	liability	measured	at	amortized	cost.	This	will	also	result	inthe	interest	expense	recognized	for	convertible	debt	instruments	to	be	typically	closer	to	the	coupon	interest	rate	when	applying	the	guidance	in	Topic	835,Interest.	Further,	the	ASU	made	amendments	to	the	EPS	guidance	in	Topic	260	for	convertible	instruments,	the	most	significant	impact	of	which	is	requiringthe	use	of	the	if-converted	method	for	diluted	EPS	calculation,	and	no	longer	allowing	the	net	share	settlement	method.	The	ASU	also	made	revisions	to	Topic815-40,	which	provides	guidance	on	how	an	entity	must	determine	whether	a	contract	qualifies	for	a	scope	exception	from	derivative	accounting.	Theamendments	to	Topic	815-40	change	the	scope	of	contracts	that	are	recognized	as	assets	or	liabilities.	The	ASU	is	effective	for	interim	and	annual	periodsbeginning	after	December	15,	2021,	with	early	adoption	permitted	for	periods	beginning	after	December	15,	2020.	Adoption	of	the	ASU	can	either	be	on	amodified	retrospective	or	full	retrospective	basis.We	will	adopt	the	ASU	on	January	1,	2021	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis.	The	adoption	is	expected	to	reduce	additional	paid	in	capital	andconvertible	senior	notes	(mezzanine	equity)	by	approximately	$475	million	and	$50	million,	respectively	for	the	recombination	of	the	equity	conversioncomponent	of	our	convertible	debt	remaining	outstanding,	which	was	initially	separated	and	recorded	in	equity,	remove	the	remaining	debt	discounts	recordedfor	this	previous	separation	for	approximately	$269	million	and	reduce	property,	plant	and	equipment	for	previously	capitalized	interest	by	approximately	$45million,	as	a	result.	The	net	effect	of	these	adjustments	will	be	recorded	as	a	reduction	in	the	balance	of	our	opening	accumulated	deficit	as	of	January	1,	2021.We	currently	expect	the	adoption	of	the	ASU	will	result	in	the	reduction	of	non-cash	interest	expense		for	the	year	ending	December	31,	2021	and	untilthe	affected	notes	have	been	settled,	before	the	impact	of	reduction	of	our	interest	capitalization,	which	is	not	expected	to	be	material.	The	reduction	ofdepreciation	expense	through	cost	of	goods	sold	is	not	expected	to	be	material	for	the	year	ending	December	31,	2021.	These	reduced	expenses	will	increasethe	income	attributable	to	common	stockholders	for	both	basic	and	diluted	earnings	per	share.	The	required	use	of	the	if	converted	method	is	not	expected	tohave	a	significant	impact	on	the	calculation	of	common	share	equivalents	included	in	the	measure	of	our	diluted	earnings	per	share	for	our	2021	Notes,	2022Notes,	2024	Notes	and	our	subsidiary’s	5.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022.	The	amendments	to	the	derivative	accounting	guidance	are	not	expectedto	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	adoption	will	have	no	impact	on	the	consolidated	statement	of	cash	flows.74	Recently	adopted	accounting	pronouncementsIn	June	2016,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2016-13,	Measurement	of	Credit	Losses	on	Financial	Instruments,	to	require	financial	assets	carried	atamortized	cost	to	be	presented	at	the	net	amount	expected	to	be	collected	based	on	historical	experience,	current	conditions	and	forecasts.	Subsequently,	theFASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-19,	Codification	Improvements	to	Topic	326,	to	clarify	that	receivables	arising	from	operating	leases	are	within	the	scope	of	leaseaccounting	standards.	Further,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2019-04,	ASU	No.	2019-05,	ASU	2019-10,	ASU	2019-11,	ASU	2020-02	and	ASU	2020-03	to	provideadditional	guidance	on	the	credit	losses	standard.	Adoption	of	the	ASUs	is	on	a	modified	retrospective	basis.	We	adopted	the	ASUs	on	January	1,	2020.	TheASUs	did	not	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	ASU	No.	2016-13	applies	to	all	financial	assets	including	loans,	trade	receivablesand	any	other	financial	assets	not	excluded	from	the	scope	that	have	the	contractual	right	to	receive	cash.	The	adoption	of	this	ASU	did	not	have	any	impactexcept	on	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable.	Refer	to	MyPower	Customer	Notes	Receivable	above	for	further	details.In	January	2017,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2017-04,	Simplifying	the	Test	for	Goodwill	Impairment,	to	simplify	the	test	for	goodwill	impairment	byremoving	Step	2.	An	entity	will,	therefore,	perform	the	goodwill	impairment	test	by	comparing	the	fair	value	of	a	reporting	unit	with	its	carrying	amount	andrecognizing	an	impairment	charge	for	the	amount	by	which	the	carrying	amount	exceeds	the	fair	value,	not	to	exceed	the	total	amount	of	goodwill	allocated	tothe	reporting	unit.	An	entity	still	has	the	option	to	perform	a	qualitative	assessment	to	determine	if	the	quantitative	impairment	test	is	necessary.	We	adoptedthe	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2020.	The	ASU	did	not	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.In	August	2018,	the	FASB	issued	ASU	No.	2018-15,	Customer’s	Accounting	for	Implementation	Costs	Incurred	in	a	Cloud	Computing	Arrangement	thatIs	a	Service	Contract.	The	ASU	aligns	the	requirements	for	capitalizing	implementation	costs	incurred	in	a	hosting	arrangement	that	is	a	service	contract	withthe	requirements	for	capitalizing	implementation	costs	incurred	to	develop	or	obtain	internal-use	software	(and	hosting	arrangements	that	include	an	internal-use	software	license).	We	adopted	the	ASU	prospectively	on	January	1,	2020.	The	ASU	did	not	have	a	material	impact	on	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	Note	3	–	Business	CombinationsFor	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	we	completed	various	acquisitions	for	which	consideration	was	immaterial	on	an	individual	basis	and	inaggregate.Maxwell	AcquisitionOn	May	16,	2019	(the	“Acquisition	Date”),	we	completed	our	strategic	acquisition	of	Maxwell	Technologies,	Inc.	(“Maxwell”),	an	energy	storage	andpower	delivery	products	company,	for	its	complementary	technology	and	workforce.	Pursuant	to	the	related	Agreement	and	Plan	of	Merger,	each	issued	andoutstanding	share	of	Maxwell	common	stock	was	converted	into	0.0965	(the	“Exchange	Ratio”)	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	theStock	Split.	In	addition,	Maxwell’s	stock	option	awards	and	restricted	stock	unit	awards	were	assumed	by	us	and	converted	into	corresponding	equity	awards	inrespect	of	our	common	stock	based	on	the	Exchange	Ratio,	with	the	awards	retaining	the	same	vesting	and	other	terms	and	conditions	as	in	effect	immediatelyprior	to	the	acquisition.Fair	Value	of	Purchase	ConsiderationThe	Acquisition	Date	fair	value	of	the	purchase	consideration	was	$207	million	(as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split,	4,514,840	shares	issued	at$45.90	per	share,	the	opening	price	of	our	common	stock	on	the	Acquisition	Date).Fair	Value	of	Assets	Acquired	and	Liabilities	Assumed	We	accounted	for	the	acquisition	using	the	purchase	method	of	accounting	for	business	combinations	under	ASC	805,	Business	Combinations.	The	totalpurchase	price	was	allocated	to	the	tangible	and	identifiable	intangible	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	based	on	their	estimated	fair	values	as	of	the	AcquisitionDate.		Fair	value	estimates	are	based	on	a	complex	series	of	judgments	about	future	events	and	uncertainties	and	rely	heavily	on	estimates	and	assumptions.The	judgments	used	to	determine	the	estimated	fair	value	assigned	to	each	class	of	assets	acquired	and	liabilities	assumed,	as	well	as	asset	lives	and	theexpected	future	cash	flows	and	related	discount	rates,	can	materially	impact	our	consolidated	financial	statements.	Significant	inputs	used	for	the	modelincluded	the	amount	of	cash	flows,	the	expected	period	of	the	cash	flows	and	the	discount	rates.75	The	allocation	of	the	purchase	price	was	based	on	management’s	estimate	of	the	Acquisition	Date	fair	values	of	the	assets	acquired	and	liabilitiesassumed,	as	follows	(in	millions):	Assets	acquired:				Cash	and	cash	equivalents	$32	Accounts	receivable		24	Inventory		32	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net		27	Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets		10	Intangible	assets		105	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	assets,	current	and	non-current		3	Total	assets	acquired		233	Liabilities	and	equity	assumed:				Accounts	payable		(10)Accrued	liabilities	and	other		(28)Debt	and	finance	leases,	current	and	non-current		(44)Deferred	revenue,	current		(1)Other	long-term	liabilities		(14)Additional	paid-in	capital		(8)Total	liabilities	and	equity	assumed		(105)Net	assets	acquired		128	Goodwill		79	Total	purchase	price	$207	Goodwill	represented	the	excess	of	the	purchase	price	over	the	fair	value	of	the	net	assets	acquired	and	was	primarily	attributable	to	the	expectedsynergies	from	integrating	Maxwell’s	technology	into	our	automotive	segment	as	well	as	the	acquired	talent.	Goodwill	is	not	deductible	for	U.S.	income	taxpurposes	and	is	not	amortized.Identifiable	Intangible	Assets	AcquiredThe	determination	of	the	fair	value	of	identified	intangible	assets	and	their	respective	useful	lives	were	as	follows	(in	millions,	except	for	estimateduseful	life):			Fair	Value		Useful	Life(in	years)	Developed	technology	$102			9	Customer	relations		2			9	Trade	name		1			10	Total	intangible	assets	$105					Maxwell’s	results	of	operations	since	the	Acquisition	Date	have	been	included	within	the	automotive	segment.	Standalone	and	pro	forma	results	ofoperations	have	not	been	presented	because	they	were	not	material	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements.Other	2019	AcquisitionsDuring	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	we	completed	various	other	acquisitions	generally	for	the	related	technology	and	workforce.	Totalconsideration	for	these	acquisitions	was	$96	million,	of	which	$80	million	was	paid	in	cash.	In	aggregate,	$36	million	was	attributed	to	intangible	assets,	$51million	was	attributed	to	goodwill	within	the	automotive	segment,	and	$9	million	was	attributed	to	net	assets	assumed.	Goodwill	is	not	deductible	for	U.S.income	tax	purposes.	The	identifiable	intangible	assets	were	related	to	purchased	technology,	with	estimated	useful	lives	of	one	to	nine	years.Standalone	and	pro	forma	results	of	operations	have	not	been	presented	because	they	were	not	material	to	the	consolidated	financial	statements,	eitherindividually	or	in	aggregate.	Note	4	–	Goodwill	and	Intangible	AssetsGoodwill	increased	$9	million	within	the	automotive	segment	from	$198	million	as	of	December	31,	2019	to	$207	million	as	of	December	31,	2020	due	tocompleted	business	combinations	and	foreign	currency	translation	adjustments	during	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020.	There	were	no	accumulatedimpairment	losses	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019.76	Information	regarding	our	intangible	assets	including	assets	recognized	from	our	acquisitions	was	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019			Gross	CarryingAmount		AccumulatedAmortization		Other		Net	CarryingAmount		Gross	CarryingAmount		AccumulatedAmortization		Other		Net	CarryingAmount	Finite-lived			intangible	assets:																																Developed	technology	$302		$(111)	$3		$194		$291		$(72)	$1		$220	Trade	names		3			(1)		—			2			3			(1)		1			3	Favorable	contracts	and			leases,	net		113			(32)		—			81			113			(24)		—			89	Other		38			(18)		1			21			38			(16)		—			22	Total	finite-lived			intangible	assets		456			(162)		4			298			445			(113)		2			334	Indefinite-lived			intangible	assets:																																Gigafactory	Nevada			water	rights		15			—			—			15			5			—			—			5	In-process	research			and	development			("IPR&D")		—			—			—			—			60			—			(60)		—	Total	infinite-lived			intangible	assets		15			—			—			15			65			—			(60)		5	Total	intangible	assets	$471		$(162)	$4		$313		$510		$(113)	$(58)	$339		Amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	$51	million,	$44	million	and	$66	million,	respectively.Total	future	amortization	expense	for	finite-lived	intangible	assets	was	estimated	as	follows	(in	millions):	2021		$51	2022			50	2023			44	2024			29	2025			29	Thereafter			95	Total		$298	Note	5	–	Fair	Value	of	Financial	InstrumentsASC	820,	Fair	Value	Measurements,	states	that	fair	value	is	an	exit	price,	representing	the	amount	that	would	be	received	to	sell	an	asset	or	paid	totransfer	a	liability	in	an	orderly	transaction	between	market	participants.	As	such,	fair	value	is	a	market-based	measurement	that	should	be	determined	basedon	assumptions	that	market	participants	would	use	in	pricing	an	asset	or	a	liability.	The	three-tiered	fair	value	hierarchy,	which	prioritizes	which	inputs	shouldbe	used	in	measuring	fair	value,	is	comprised	of:	(Level	I)	observable	inputs	such	as	quoted	prices	in	active	markets;	(Level	II)	inputs	other	than	quoted	pricesin	active	markets	that	are	observable	either	directly	or	indirectly	and	(Level	III)	unobservable	inputs	for	which	there	is	little	or	no	market	data.	The	fair	valuehierarchy	requires	the	use	of	observable	market	data	when	available	in	determining	fair	value.	Our	assets	and	liabilities	that	were	measured	at	fair	value	on	arecurring	basis	were	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019			Fair	Value		Level	I		Level	II		Level	III		Fair	Value		Level	I		Level	II		Level	III	Money	market	funds	(cash	and			cash	equivalents)	$13,847		$13,847		$—		$—		$1,632		$1,632		$—		$—	Interest	rate	swap	assets		—			—			—			—			1			—			1			—	Interest	rate	swap	liabilities		58			—			58			—			(27)		—			(27)		—	Total	$13,905		$13,847		$58		$—		$1,606		$1,632		$(26)	$—	77	All	of	our	money	market	funds	were	classified	within	Level	I	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	quoted	prices	in	active	markets.Our	interest	rate	swaps	were	classified	within	Level	II	of	the	fair	value	hierarchy	because	they	were	valued	using	alternative	pricing	sources	or	models	thatutilized	market	observable	inputs,	including	current	and	forward	interest	rates.Interest	Rate	SwapsWe	enter	into	fixed-for-floating	interest	rate	swap	agreements	to	swap	variable	interest	payments	on	certain	debt	for	fixed	interest	payments,	asrequired	by	certain	of	our	lenders.	We	do	not	designate	our	interest	rate	swaps	as	hedging	instruments.	Accordingly,	our	interest	rate	swaps	are	recorded	atfair	value	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	within	other	non-current	assets	or	other	long-term	liabilities,	with	any	changes	in	their	fair	values	recognized	asother	(expense)	income,	net,	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	and	with	any	cash	flows	recognized	as	operating	activities	in	the	consolidatedstatements	of	cash	flows.	Our	interest	rate	swaps	outstanding	were	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019			Aggregate	NotionalAmount		Gross	Asset	atFair	Value		Gross	Liability	atFair	Value		Aggregate	NotionalAmount		Gross	Asset	atFair	Value		Gross	Liability	atFair	Value	Interest	rate	swaps	$554		$—		$58		$821		$1		$27		Our	interest	rate	swaps	activity	was	as	follows	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Gross	losses	$42		$51		$12	Gross	gains	$6		$11		$22		Disclosure	of	Fair	ValuesOur	financial	instruments	that	are	not	re-measured	at	fair	value	include	accounts	receivable,	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable,	accounts	payable,accrued	liabilities,	customer	deposits	and	debt.	The	carrying	values	of	these	financial	instruments	other	than	our	2021	Notes,	2022	Notes,	2024	Notes,	oursubsidiary’s	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020	and	our	subsidiary’s	5.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022	(collectively	referred	to	as“Convertible	Senior	Notes”	below),	5.30%	Senior	Notes	due	in	2025	(“2025	Notes”),	solar	asset-backed	notes	and	solar	loan-backed	notes	approximate	their	fairvalues.We	estimate	the	fair	value	of	the	Convertible	Senior	Notes	and	the	2025	Notes	using	commonly	accepted	valuation	methodologies	and	market-based	riskmeasurements	that	are	indirectly	observable,	such	as	credit	risk	(Level	II).	In	addition,	we	estimate	the	fair	values	of	our	solar	asset-backed	notes	and	solarloan-backed	notes	based	on	rates	currently	offered	for	instruments	with	similar	maturities	and	terms	(Level	III).	The	following	table	presents	the	estimated	fairvalues	and	the	carrying	values	(in	millions):			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019			Carrying	Value		Fair	Value		Carrying	Value		Fair	Value	Convertible	Senior	Notes	$1,971		$24,596		$3,729		$6,110	2025	Notes	$1,785		$1,877		$1,782		$1,748	Solar	asset-backed	notes	$1,115		$1,137		$1,155		$1,211	Solar	loan-backed	notes	$146		$152		$175		$189			Note	6	–	InventoryOur	inventory	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Raw	materials	$1,508		$1,428	Work	in	process		493			362	Finished	goods	(1)		1,666			1,356	Service	parts		434			406	Total	$4,101		$3,552		(1)Finished	goods	inventory	includes	vehicles	in	transit	to	fulfill	customer	orders,	new	vehicles	available	for	sale,	used	vehicles,	energy	storage	productsand	Solar	Roof	products	available	for	sale.78	For	solar	energy	systems,	we	commence	transferring	component	parts	from	inventory	to	construction	in	progress,	a	component	of	solar	energy	systems,once	a	lease	or	PPA	contract	with	a	customer	has	been	executed	and	installation	has	been	initiated.	Additional	costs	incurred	on	the	leased	solar	energysystems,	including	labor	and	overhead,	are	recorded	within	solar	energy	systems	under	construction.We	write-down	inventory	for	any	excess	or	obsolete	inventories	or	when	we	believe	that	the	net	realizable	value	of	inventories	is	less	than	the	carryingvalue.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	recorded	write-downs	of	$145	million,	$138	million	and	$78	million,	respectively,	in	costof	revenues.			Note	7	–	Solar	Energy	Systems,	NetSolar	energy	systems,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Solar	energy	systems	in	service	$6,758		$6,682	Initial	direct	costs	related	to	customer	solar	energy			system	lease	acquisition	costs		103			102				6,861			6,784	Less:	accumulated	depreciation	and	amortization	(1)		(955)		(723)			5,906			6,061	Solar	energy	systems	under	construction		28			18	Solar	energy	systems	pending	interconnection		45			59	Solar	energy	systems,	net	(2)	$5,979		$6,138	(1)Depreciation	and	amortization	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	$232	million,	$227	million	and	$276	million,respectively.(2)As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	solar	energy	systems,	net,	included	$36	million	of	gross	finance	leased	assets	with	accumulated	depreciation	andamortization	of	$7	million	and	$6	million,	respectively.		Note	8	–	Property,	Plant	and	Equipment,	NetOur	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Machinery,	equipment,	vehicles	and	office	furniture	$8,493		$7,167	Tooling		1,811			1,493	Leasehold	improvements		1,421			1,087	Land	and	buildings		3,662			3,024	Computer	equipment,	hardware	and	software		856			595	Construction	in	progress		1,621			764				17,864			14,130	Less:	Accumulated	depreciation		(5,117)		(3,734)Total	$12,747		$10,396		Construction	in	progress	is	primarily	comprised	of	construction	of	Gigafactory	Berlin	and	Gigafactory	Texas,	expansion	of	Gigafactory	Shanghai	andequipment	and	tooling	related	to	the	manufacturing	of	our	products.	We	are	currently	constructing	Gigafactory	Berlin	under	conditional	permits.	Completedassets	are	transferred	to	their	respective	asset	classes,	and	depreciation	begins	when	an	asset	is	ready	for	its	intended	use.	Interest	on	outstanding	debt	iscapitalized	during	periods	of	significant	capital	asset	construction	and	amortized	over	the	useful	lives	of	the	related	assets.	During	the	years	ended	December31,	2020	and	2019,	we	capitalized	$48	million	and	$31	million,	respectively,	of	interest.Depreciation	expense	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	$1.57	billion,	$1.37	billion	and	$1.11	billion,	respectively.	Grossproperty,	plant	and	equipment	under	finance	leases	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019	was	$2.28	billion	and	$2.08	billion,	respectively,	with	accumulateddepreciation	of	$816	million	and	$483	million,	respectively.79	Panasonic	has	partnered	with	us	on	Gigafactory	Nevada	with	investments	in	the	production	equipment	that	it	uses	to	manufacture	and	supply	us	withbattery	cells.	Under	our	arrangement	with	Panasonic,	we	plan	to	purchase	the	full	output	from	their	production	equipment	at	negotiated	prices.	As	the	terms	ofthe	arrangement	convey	a	finance	lease	under	ASC	842,	Leases,	we	account	for	their	production	equipment	as	leased	assets	when	production	commences.	Weaccount	for	each	lease	and	any	non-lease	components	associated	with	that	lease	as	a	single	lease	component	for	all	asset	classes,	except	production	equipmentclasses	embedded	in	supply	agreements.	This	results	in	us	recording	the	cost	of	their	production	equipment	within	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	theconsolidated	balance	sheets	with	a	corresponding	liability	recorded	to	debt	and	finance	leases.	Depreciation	on	Panasonic	production	equipment	is	computedusing	the	units-of-production	method	whereby	capitalized	costs	are	amortized	over	the	total	estimated	productive	life	of	the	respective	assets.	As	ofDecember	31,	2020	and	2019,	we	had	cumulatively	capitalized	costs	of	$1.77	billion	and	$1.73	billion,	respectively,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets	inrelation	to	the	production	equipment	under	our	Panasonic	arrangement.In	2019,	the	Shanghai	government	agreed	to	provide	$85	million	of	certain	incentives	in	connection	with	us	making	certain	manufacturing	equipmentinvestments	at	Gigafactory	Shanghai,	of	which	$46	million	was	received	in	cash	and	the	remaining	$39	million	was	in	the	form	of	assets	and	servicescontributed	by	the	government.	In	2020,	the	Shanghai	government	agreed	to	provide	an	additional	$122	million	of	such	incentives.	Of	the	total	incentivesprovided	between	both	years,	$123	million	was	received	in	cash	in	2020.	Proceeds	from	the	grant	must	be	spent	on	qualified	capital	investments	at	GigafactoryShanghai	as	stipulated	in	the	agreement.	These	incentives	were	taken	as	a	reduction	to	property,	plant	and	equipment,	net,	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheetsand	cash	receipts	are	reflected	as	investing	cash	inflows	on	the	consolidated	statements	of	cash	flows.		Note	9	–	Accrued	Liabilities	and	Other	As	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	accrued	liabilities	and	other	current	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Accrued	purchases	(1)	$901		$638	Taxes	payable	(2)		777			611	Payroll	and	related	costs		654			466	Accrued	warranty	reserve,	current	portion		479			344	Sales	return	reserve,	current	portion		417			272	Operating	lease	liabilities,	current	portion		286			228	Accrued	interest		77			86	Resale	value	guarantees,	current	portion		23			317	Other	current	liabilities		241			260	Total	$3,855		$3,222		(1)Accrued	purchases	primarily	reflects	receipts	of	goods	and	services	that	we	had	not	been	invoiced	yet.	As	we	are	invoiced	for	these	goods	and	services,this	balance	will	reduce	and	accounts	payable	will	increase.(2)Taxes	payable	includes	value	added	tax,	sales	tax,	property	tax,	use	tax	and	income	tax	payables.		Note	10	–	Other	Long-Term	LiabilitiesAs	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	other	long-term	liabilities	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Operating	lease	liabilities	$1,254		$956	Accrued	warranty	reserve		989			745	Sales	return	reserve		500			545	Deferred	tax	liability		151			66	Resale	value	guarantees		19			36	Other	non-current	liabilities		417			343	Total	other	long-term	liabilities	$3,330		$2,691			80	Note	11	–	Customer	DepositsCustomer	deposits	primarily	consisted	of	cash	payments	from	customers	at	the	time	they	place	an	order	or	reservation	for	a	vehicle	or	an	energyproduct	and	any	additional	payments	up	to	the	point	of	delivery	or	the	completion	of	installation,	including	the	fair	values	of	any	customer	trade-in	vehicles	thatare	applicable	toward	a	new	vehicle	purchase.	Customer	deposits	also	include	prepayments	on	contracts	that	can	be	cancelled	without	significant	penalties,such	as	vehicle	maintenance	plans.	Customer	deposit	amounts	and	timing	vary	depending	on	the	vehicle	model,	the	energy	product	and	the	country	of	delivery.In	the	case	of	a	vehicle,	customer	deposits	are	fully	refundable.	In	the	case	of	an	energy	generation	or	storage	product,	customer	deposits	are	fully	refundableprior	to	the	entry	into	a	purchase	agreement	or	in	certain	cases	for	a	limited	time	thereafter	(in	accordance	with	applicable	laws).	Customer	deposits	areincluded	in	current	liabilities	until	refunded	or	until	they	are	applied	towards	the	customer’s	purchase	balance.	Note	12	–	DebtThe	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	and	finance	leases	as	of	December	31,	2020	(in	millions):							Unpaid		Unused									Net	Carrying	Value		Principal		Committed		Contractual		Contractual		Current		Long-Term		Balance		Amount	(1)		Interest	Rates		Maturity	DateRecourse	debt:																						2021	Notes	$419			—			422			—			1.25%	March	20212022	Notes		115			366			503			—			2.375%	March	20222024	Notes		171			856			1,282			—			2.00%	May	20242025	Notes		—			1,785			1,800			—			5.30%	August	2025Credit	Agreement		—			1,895			1,895			278			3.3%	July	2023Solar	Bonds	and	other	Loans		4			49			55			—			3.6%-5.8%	January	2021	-	January	2031Total	recourse	debt		709			4,951			5,957			278							Non-recourse	debt:																						Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes		777			921			1,705			—			0.6%-7.9%	August	2021-August	2024Solar	Asset-backed	Notes		39			1,076			1,141			—			3.0%-7.7%	September	2024-February	2048China	Loan	Agreements		—			616			616			1,372			4.0%	June	2021-December	2024Cash	Equity	Debt		18			408			439			—			5.3%-5.8%	July	2033-January	2035Solar	Loan-backed	Notes		13			133			152			—			4.8%-7.5%	September	2048-September	2049Warehouse	Agreements		37			257			294			806			1.7%-1.8%	September	2022Solar	Term	Loan		151			—			151			—			3.7%	January	2021Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	Facilities		14			19			33			153			1.9%-5.9%	September	2022-November	2022Solar	Revolving	Credit	Facility	and			other	Loans		—			81			81			23			2.7%-5.1%	June	2022-February	2033Total	non-recourse	debt		1,049			3,511			4,612			2,354							Total	debt		1,758			8,462		$10,569		$2,632							Finance	leases		374			1,094															Total	debt	and	finance	leases	$2,132		$9,556															81	The	following	is	a	summary	of	our	debt	and	finance	leases	as	of	December	31,	2019	(in	millions):								Unpaid			Unused										Net	Carrying	Value			Principal			Committed			Contractual		Contractual		Current			Long-Term			Balance			Amount	(1)			Interest	Rates		Maturity	DateRecourse	debt:																														2021	Notes	$	—			$	1,304			$	1,380			$	—				1.25%	March	20212022	Notes			—					902					978					—				2.375%	March	20222024	Notes			—					1,383					1,840					—				2.00%	May	20242025	Notes			—					1,782					1,800					—				5.3%	August	2025Credit	Agreement			141					1,586					1,727					499				2.7%-4.8%	June	2020-July	2023Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in			2020			97					—					103					—				0.0%	December	2020Solar	Bonds	and	other	Loans			15					53					70					—				3.6%-5.8%	March	2020-January	2031Total	recourse	debt			253					7,010					7,898					499								Non-recourse	debt:																														Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes			573					997					1,577					—				2.0%-7.9%	February	2020-	May	2023Solar	Asset-backed	Notes			32					1,123					1,183					—				4.0%-7.7%	September	2024-February	2048China	Loan	Agreements			444					297					741					1,542				3.7%-4.0%	September	2020-December	2024Cash	Equity	Debt			10					430					454					—				5.3%-5.8%	July	2033-January	2035Solar	Loan-backed	Notes			11					164					182					—				4.8%-7.5%	September	2048-September	2049Warehouse	Agreements			21					146					167					933				3.1%-3.6%	September	2021Solar	Term	Loans			8					152					161					—				5.4%	January	2021Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	Facility			24					16					40					—				4.2%-5.9%	November	2022Solar	Revolving	Credit	Facility	and			other	Loans			23					67					89					6				4.5%-7.4%	March	2020-June	2022Total	non-recourse	debt			1,146					3,392					4,594					2,481								Total	debt			1,399					10,402			$	12,492			$	2,980								Finance	leases			386					1,232																				Total	debt	and	finance	leases	$	1,785			$	11,634																			(1)There	are	no	restrictions	on	draw-down	or	use	for	general	corporate	purposes	with	respect	to	any	available	committed	funds	under	our	credit	facilitiesand	financing	funds,	except	certain	specified	conditions	prior	to	draw-down,	including	pledging	to	our	lenders	sufficient	amounts	of	qualifiedreceivables,	inventories,	leased	vehicles	and	our	interests	in	those	leases,	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts,	our	interests	infinancing	funds	or	various	other	assets	and	as	may	be	further	described	below.Recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	our	general	assets.	Non-recourse	debt	refers	to	debt	that	is	recourse	to	only	assets	of	our	subsidiaries.The	differences	between	the	unpaid	principal	balances	and	the	net	carrying	values	are	due	to	convertible	senior	note	conversion	features,	debt	discounts	ordeferred	financing	costs.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	were	in	material	compliance	with	all	financial	debt	covenants,	which	include	minimum	liquidity	andexpense-coverage	balances	and	ratios.2021	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	TransactionsIn	March	2014,	we	issued	$1.20	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	our	2021	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	In	April	2014,	we	issued	an	additional$180	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	notes,	pursuant	to	the	exercise	in	full	of	the	overallotment	options	by	the	underwriters.	The	total	net	proceedsfrom	the	issuances,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$1.36	billion.As	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split,	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	is	now	convertible	into	13.8940	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	isequivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$71.97	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	these	notes	have	been	able	toelect	to	convert	on	or	after	December	1,	2020.	The	settlement	of	such	an	election	to	convert	the	outstanding	notes	would	be	in	cash	for	the	principal	amountand,	if	applicable,	cash	and/or	shares	of	our	common	stock	for	any	conversion	premium	at	our	election.	As	of	December	1,	2020,	holders	of	these	notes	have	theoption	to	convert.	Such	holders	also	had	the	option	to	convert	prior	to	December	1,	2020	under	the	circumstances	further	described	below.						Upon	the	earlyconversion	of	the	2021	Notes,	we	will	pay	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and	deliver	shares	of	our	common	stock	based	on	a	daily	conversion	value.	If	afundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	applicable	maturity	date,	holders	of	these	notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	notes	for	cash	at	arepurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	theapplicable	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	their	notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certaincircumstances.In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	features	associated	with	thesenotes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$369	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	aneffective	interest	rate	of	5.96%.82	In	connection	with	the	offering	of	these	notes	in	March	and	April	2014,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	had	the	optionto	purchase	19.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$71.97	per	share,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	total	cost	of	the	convertiblenote	hedge	transactions	was	$398	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	19.2	million	shares	ofour	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$112.13	per	share,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	We	received	$257	million	in	total	cash	proceeds	from	the	sales	ofthese	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchases	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sales	of	the	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	and/orcash	payments	from	the	conversion	of	these	notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	from	$71.97	to	$112.13	per	share,	as	adjusted	to	give	effectto	the	Stock	Split.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	andare	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reductionto	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet.During	each	of	the	quarters	of	2020,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	the	2021	Notes	on	atleast	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter,	causing	the	2021	Notes	to	be	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	second,	third	and	fourthquarters	of	2020.	As	the	settlement	of	conversion	of	the	2021	Notes	is	in	cash	for	the	principal	amount	and,	if	applicable,	cash	and/or	shares	of	our	commonstock	for	any	conversion	premium	at	our	election,	we	reclassified	$3	million,	representing	the	difference	between	the	aggregate	principal	of	our	2021	Notes	andthe	carrying	value	as	of	December	31,	2020,	as	mezzanine	equity	from	permanent	equity	on	our	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2020.	The	debtdiscounts	recorded	on	the	2021	Notes	are	recognized	as	interest	expense	through	March	2021	and	early	conversions	have	resulted	in	the	acceleration	of	suchrecognition	through	December	31,	2020,	including	the	losses	on	extinguishment	of	debt	appearing	in	the	Interest	Expense	table	below.During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	$958	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2021	Notes	were	converted	for	$958	million	in	cash	and11.1	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	a	decrease	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$6million.	The	note	hedges	we	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	2021	Notes	were	automatically	settled	with	the	respective	conversions	of	thenotes,	resulting	in	the	receipt	of	11.1	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.		The	related	warrants	will	settle	undertheir	terms	after	the	maturity	or	settlement	of	the	related	convertible	debt.	The	remaining	notes	outstanding	are	expected	to	convert	in	the	first	quarter	offiscal	year	2021.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	2021	Notes	exceeds	the	outstanding	principal	amount	by	$3.71	billion.2022	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	TransactionsIn	March	2017,	we	issued	$978	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	our	2022	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	afterdeducting	transaction	costs,	were	$966	million.As	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split,	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2022	Notes	is	convertible	into	15.2670	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	isequivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$65.50	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	attheir	option,	on	or	after	December	15,	2021.	Further,	holders	of	the	2022	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	December	15,	2021	only	under	thefollowing	circumstances:	(1)	during	any	quarter	beginning	after	June	30,	2017,	if	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	ornot	consecutive)	during	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	immediately	preceding	the	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price;	(2)during	the	five-business	day	period	following	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	of	the	2022	Notes	is	less	than	98%	of	theproduct	of	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	and	the	applicable	conversion	rate	for	each	day	during	such	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	or	(3)	if	wemake	specified	distributions	to	holders	of	our	common	stock	or	if	specified	corporate	transactions	occur.	Upon	a	conversion,	the	2022	Notes	will	be	settled	incash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	our	election.	If	a	fundamental	change	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2022Notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2022	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchase	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accruedand	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	we	would	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	toconvert	its	2022	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with	the	2022Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$146	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	aneffective	interest	rate	of	6.00%.83	In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2022	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	had	the	option	to	purchase14.9	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$65.50	per	share	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedgetransactions	was	$204	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	14.9	million	shares	of	ourcommon	stock	at	a	price	of	$131.00	per	share.	We	received	$53	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	these	warrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	theconvertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	the	conversion	of	the	2022	Notes	and	to	effectively	increasethe	overall	conversion	price	from	$65.50	to	$131.00	per	share,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	As	these	transactions	meet	certain	accountingcriteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	cost	incurred	inconnection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidated	balancesheet.During	each	of	the	quarters	of	2020,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	the	2022	Notes	on	atleast	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter,	causing	the	2022	Notes	to	be	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	second,	third	and	fourthquarters	of	2020	and	the	first	quarter	of	2021.	As	we	now	expect	to	settle	a	portion	of	the	2022	Notes	in	the	first	quarter	of	2021,	we	reclassified	$115	millionof	the	carrying	value	of	the	2022	Notes	from	debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion	to	current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases	on	our	consolidatedbalance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2020.	Additionally,	we	reclassified	$5	million,	representing	the	difference	between	the	current	portion	of	aggregate	principalof	our	2022	Notes	and	the	current	portion	of	the	carrying	value	as	of	December	31,	2020,	as	mezzanine	equity	from	permanent	equity	on	our	consolidatedbalance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2020.	As	the	settlement	of	conversion	of	the	remainder	of	the	2022	Notes	would	be	in	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	acombination	thereof	is	at	our	election,	the	remaining	liability	is	classified	as	non-current.	The	debt	discounts	recorded	on	the	2022	Notes	are	recognized	asinterest	expense	through	March	2022	and	early	conversions	have	resulted	in	the	acceleration	of	such	recognition	through	December	31,	2020,	including	thelosses	on	extinguishment	of	debt	appearing	in	the	Interest	Expense	table	below.During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	$474	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2022	Notes	were	converted	for	$474	million	in	cash	and6.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	a	decrease	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$5million.	The	note	hedges	we	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	2022	Notes	were	automatically	settled	with	the	respective	conversions	of	the2022	Notes,	resulting	in	the	receipt	of	6.2	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	related	warrants	will	settleunder	their	terms	after	the	maturity	or	settlement	of	the	2022	Notes.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	notes	exceeds	the	outstandingprincipal	amount	by	$4.92	billion.2024	Notes,	Bond	Hedges	and	Warrant	TransactionsIn	May	2019,	we	issued	$1.84	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	our	2024	Notes	in	a	public	offering.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	afterdeducting	transaction	costs,	were	$1.82	billion.As	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split,	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	the	2024	Notes	is	convertible	into	16.1380	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	isequivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$61.97	per	share,	subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events.	Holders	of	the	2024	Notes	may	convert,	attheir	option,	on	or	after	February	15,	2024.	Further,	holders	of	the	2024	Notes	may	convert,	at	their	option,	prior	to	February	15,	2024	only	under	the	followingcircumstances:	(1)	during	any	calendar	quarter	commencing	after	September	30,	2019	(and	only	during	such	calendar	quarter),	if	the	last	reported	sale	price	ofour	common	stock	for	at	least	20	trading	days	(whether	or	not	consecutive)	during	a	period	of	30	consecutive	trading	days	ending	on	the	last	trading	day	ofimmediately	preceding	calendar	quarter	is	greater	than	or	equal	to	130%	of	the	conversion	price	on	each	trading	day;	(2)	during	the	five-business	day	periodafter	any	five-consecutive	trading	day	period	in	which	the	trading	price	per	$1,000	principal	amount	of	the	2024	Notes	for	each	trading	day	of	such	period	isless	than	98%	of	the	product	of	the	last	reported	sale	price	of	our	common	stock	and	the	conversion	rate	on	each	such	trading	day,	or	(3)	if	specified	corporateevents	occur.	Upon	conversion,	the	2024	Notes	will	be	settled	in	cash,	shares	of	our	common	stock	or	a	combination	thereof,	at	our	election.	If	a	fundamentalchange	occurs	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	holders	of	the	2024	Notes	may	require	us	to	repurchase	all	or	a	portion	of	their	2024	Notes	for	cash	at	a	repurchaseprice	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.	In	addition,	if	specific	corporate	events	occur	prior	to	the	maturity	date,	wewould	increase	the	conversion	rate	for	a	holder	who	elects	to	convert	its	2024	Notes	in	connection	with	such	an	event	in	certain	circumstances.In	accordance	with	GAAP	relating	to	embedded	conversion	features,	we	initially	valued	and	bifurcated	the	conversion	feature	associated	with	the	2024Notes.	We	recorded	to	stockholders’	equity	$491	million	for	the	conversion	feature.	The	resulting	debt	discount	is	being	amortized	to	interest	expense	at	aneffective	interest	rate	of	8.68%.84	In	connection	with	the	offering	of	the	2024	Notes,	we	entered	into	convertible	note	hedge	transactions	whereby	we	had	the	option	to	purchase29.7	million	shares	of	our	common	stock	at	a	price	of	$61.97	per	share	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	cost	of	the	convertible	note	hedgetransactions	was	$476	million.	In	addition,	we	sold	warrants	whereby	the	holders	of	the	warrants	have	the	option	to	purchase	29.7	million	shares	of	ourcommon	stock	at	a	price	of	$121.50	per	share,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	We	received	$174	million	in	cash	proceeds	from	the	sale	of	thesewarrants.	Taken	together,	the	purchase	of	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	the	sale	of	the	warrants	are	intended	to	reduce	potential	dilution	from	theconversion	of	the	2024	Notes	and	to	effectively	increase	the	overall	conversion	price	from	$61.97	to	$121.50	per	share.	As	these	transactions	meet	certainaccounting	criteria,	the	convertible	note	hedges	and	warrants	are	recorded	in	stockholders’	equity	and	are	not	accounted	for	as	derivatives.	The	net	costincurred	in	connection	with	the	convertible	note	hedge	and	warrant	transactions	was	recorded	as	a	reduction	to	additional	paid-in	capital	on	the	consolidatedbalance	sheet.During	each	of	the	quarters	of	2020,	the	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeded	130%	of	the	applicable	conversion	price	of	the	2024	Notes	on	atleast	20	of	the	last	30	consecutive	trading	days	of	the	quarter,	causing	the	2024	Notes	to	be	convertible	by	their	holders	during	the	second,	third	and	fourthquarters	of	2020	and	the	first	quarter	of	2021.	As	we	now	expect	to	settle	a	portion	of	the	2024	Notes	in	the	first	quarter	of	2021,	we	reclassified	$171	million,of	the	carrying	value	of	the	2024	Notes	from	debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion	to	current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases	on	our	consolidatedbalance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2020.	Additionally,	we	reclassified	$43	million,	representing	the	difference	between	the	current	portion	of	aggregateprincipal	of	our	2024	Notes	and	the	current	portion	of	the	carrying	value	as	of	December	31,	2020,	as	mezzanine	equity	from	permanent	equity	on	ourconsolidated	balance	sheet	as	of	December	31,	2020.	As	the	settlement	of	conversion	of	the	remainder	of	the	2024	Notes	would	be	in	cash,	shares	of	ourcommon	stock	or	a	combination	thereof	is	at	our	election,	the	remaining	liability	is	classified	as	non-current.	The	debt	discounts	recorded	on	the	2024	Notes	arerecognized	as	interest	expense	through	May	2024	and	early	conversions	have	resulted	in	the	acceleration	of	such	recognition	through	December	31,	2020,including	the	losses	on	extinguishment	of	debt	appearing	in	the	Interest	Expense	table	below.During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	$558	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2024	Notes	were	converted	for	$558	million	in	cash	and8.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	a	decrease	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$31million.	The	note	hedges	we	entered	into	in	connection	with	the	issuance	of	the	2024	Notes	were	automatically	settled	with	the	respective	conversions	of	the2024	Notes,	resulting	in	the	receipt	of	8.0	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	related	warrants	will	settleunder	their	terms	after	the	maturity	or	settlement	of	the	2024	Notes.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	if-converted	value	of	the	notes	exceeds	the	outstandingprincipal	amount	by	$13.32	billion.2025	NotesIn	August	2017,	we	issued	$1.80	billion	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	the	2025	Notes	pursuant	to	Rule	144A	and	Regulation	S	under	the	SecuritiesAct.	The	net	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	after	deducting	transaction	costs,	were	$1.77	billion.Credit	AgreementIn	June	2015,	we	entered	into	a	senior	asset-based	revolving	credit	agreement	(as	amended	from	time	to	time,	the	“Credit	Agreement”)	with	a	syndicateof	banks.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest,	at	our	option,	at	an	annual	rate	of	(a)	1%	plus	LIBOR	or	(b)	the	highest	of	(i)	the	federal	funds	rate	plus	0.50%,	(ii)	thelenders’	“prime	rate”	or	(iii)	1%	plus	LIBOR.	The	fee	for	undrawn	amounts	is	0.25%	per	annum.	The	Credit	Agreement	is	secured	by	certain	of	our	accountsreceivable,	inventory	and	equipment.	Availability	under	the	Credit	Agreement	is	based	on	the	value	of	such	assets,	as	reduced	by	certain	reserves.In	March	2020,	we	upsized	the	Credit	Agreement	by	$100	million,	which	matures	July	2023,	to	$2.525	billion.	In	June	2020,	$197	million	of	commitmentunder	the	Credit	Agreement	expired	in	accordance	with	its	terms	and	the	total	commitment	decreased	to	$2.328	billion			.									Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2020In	December	2015,	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”)	issued	$113	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Zero-Coupon	Convertible	Senior	Notes	dueon	December	1,	2020	in	a	private	placement.	$13	million	of	these	notes	were	issued	to	related	parties.85	As	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split,	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes	was	convertible	into	16.6665	shares	of	our	common	stock,	which	isequivalent	to	a	conversion	price	of	$60.00	per	share	(subject	to	adjustment	upon	the	occurrence	of	specified	events	related	to	dividends,	tender	offers	orexchange	offers).	The	maximum	conversion	rate	is	capped	at	21.1538	shares	for	each	$1,000	of	principal	of	these	notes,	which	is	equivalent	to	a	minimumconversion	price	of	$47.27	per	share.	The	convertible	senior	notes	do	not	have	a	cash	conversion	option.	The	holders	of	these	notes	were	able	to	require	us	torepurchase	their	notes	for	cash	only	under	certain	defined	fundamental	changes.	On	or	after	June	30,	2017,	these	notes	are	redeemable	by	us	in	the	event	thatthe	closing	price	of	our	common	stock	exceeds	200%	of	the	conversion	price	for	45	consecutive	trading	days	ending	within	three	trading	days	of	suchredemption	notice	at	a	redemption	price	equal	to	100%	of	the	principal	amount	plus	any	accrued	and	unpaid	interest.During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,	$103	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	these	notes	were	converted	for	1.7		million	shares	of	ourcommon	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	As	a	result,	we	recorded	an	increase	to	additional	paid-in	capital	of	$101	million.		Solar	Bonds	and	other	LoansSolar	Bonds	are	senior	unsecured	obligations	that	are	structurally	subordinate	to	the	indebtedness	and	other	liabilities	of	our	subsidiaries.	Solar	Bondswere	issued	under	multiple	series	with	various	terms	and	interest	rates.	Additionally,	we	have	assumed	the	5.50%	Convertible	Senior	Notes	due	in	2022	issuedby	Maxwell	(the	“Maxwell	Notes”),	which	are	convertible	into	shares	of	our	common	stock	as	a	result	of	our	acquisition	of	Maxwell.	As	of	December	31,	2020,the	if-converted	value	of	the	Maxwell	Notes	exceeds	the	outstanding	principal	amount	by	$447	million.Automotive	Asset-backed	NotesFrom	time	to	time,	we	transfer	receivables	or	beneficial	interests	related	to	certain	leased	vehicles	into	special	purpose	entities	(“SPEs”)	and	issueAutomotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	backed	by	these	automotive	assets	to	investors.	The	SPEs	are	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	cash	flowsgenerated	by	these	automotive	assets	are	used	to	service	the	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPEs’expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	the	owners	of	the	SPEs.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	lease	contracts	inaccordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPEs’	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPEs,including	the	Automotive	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.	A	third	party	contracted	with	us	to	provide	administrative	andcollection	services	for	these	automotive	assets.In	August	2020,	we	transferred	beneficial	interests	related	to	certain	leased	vehicles	into	an	SPE	and	issued	$709	million	in	aggregate	principal	amountof	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes,	with	terms	similar	to	our	other	Automotive	Asset-backed	Notes.	The	proceeds	from	the	issuance,	net	of	discounts	and	fees,were	$706	million.Solar	Asset-backed	NotesFrom	time	to	time,	our	subsidiaries	pool	and	transfer	either	qualifying	solar	energy	systems	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	or	our	interests	incertain	financing	funds	into	SPEs	and	issue	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	backed	by	these	solar	assets	or	interests	to	investors.	The	SPEs	are	wholly	owned	by	usand	are	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	cash	flows	generated	by	these	solar	assets	or	distributed	by	the	underlying	financing	funds	to	certainSPEs	are	used	to	service	the	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPEs’	expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	isdistributed	to	us.	We	recognize	revenue	earned	from	the	associated	customer	contracts	in	accordance	with	our	revenue	recognition	policy.	The	SPEs’	assetsand	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPEs,	including	the	Solar	Asset-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	ourother	assets.	We	contracted	with	the	SPEs	to	provide	operations	&	maintenance	and	administrative	services	for	the	solar	energy	systems.	As	of	December	31,2020,	solar	assets	pledged	as	collateral	for	Solar	Asset-backed	Notes	had	a	carrying	value	of	$660	million	and	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	net,	onthe	consolidated	balance	sheet.China	Loan	AgreementsIn	September	2019,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	a	loan	agreement	with	a	lender	in	China	for	an	unsecured	12-month	revolving	facility	of	up	toRMB	5.0	billion	(or	the	equivalent	drawn	in	U.S.	dollars),	to	finance	vehicles	in-transit	to	China	(the	“In-transit	Finance	Facility”).	Borrowed	funds	incurredinterest	at	an	annual	rate	no	greater	than	90%	of	the	one-year	rate	published	by	the	People’s	Bank	of	China.	The	loan	facility	is	non-recourse	to	our	assets.	InSeptember	2020,	the	In-transit	Finance	Facility	matured.86	In	December	2019,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	loan	agreements	with	a	syndicate	of	lenders	in	China	for:	(i)	a	secured	term	loan	facility	of	up	toRMB	9.0	billion	or	the	equivalent	amount	drawn	in	U.S.	dollars	(the	“Fixed	Asset	Facility”)	and	(ii)	an	unsecured	revolving	loan	facility	of	up	to	RMB	2.25	billionor	the	equivalent	amount	drawn	in	U.S.	dollars	(the	“Working	Capital	Facility”),	in	each	case	to	be	used	in	connection	with	our	construction	of	and	productionat	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Outstanding	borrowings	pursuant	to	the	Fixed	Asset	Facility	accrue	interest	at	a	rate	equal	to:	(i)	for	RMB-denominated	loans,	themarket	quoted	interest	rate	published	by	the	People’s	Bank	of	China	minus	0.7625%,	and	(ii)	for	U.S.	dollar-denominated	loans,	the	sum	of	one-year	LIBOR	plus1.3%.	Outstanding	borrowings	pursuant	to	the	Working	Capital	Facility	incurred	interest	at	a	rate	equal	to	the	market	quoted	interest	rate	published	by	thePeople’s	Bank	of	China	minus	0.4525	%.	The	Fixed	Asset	Facility	is	secured	by	certain	real	property	relating	to	Gigafactory	Shanghai	and	both	facilities	arenon-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	In	December	2020,	the	Working	Capital	Facility	matured.In	May	2020,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	an	additional	Working	Capital	Loan	Contract	(the	“2020	China	Working	Capital	Facility”)	with	a	lenderin	China	for	an	unsecured	revolving	facility	of	up	to	RMB	4.00	billion	(or	the	equivalent	amount	drawn	in	U.S.	dollars),	to	be	used	for	expenditures	related	toproduction	at	our	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Borrowed	funds	bear	interest	at	an	annual	rate	of:	(i)	for	RMB-denominated	loans,	the	market	quoted	interest	ratepublished	by	an	authority	designated	by	the	People’s	Bank	of	China	minus	0.35%,	(ii)	for	U.S.	dollar-denominated	loans,	the	sum	of	one-year	LIBOR	plus0.8%.	The	2020	China	Working	Capital	Facility	is	non-recourse	to	our	assets	and	is	scheduled	to	mature	in	June	2021,	the	first	anniversary	of	the	firstborrowing	under	the	loan.Cash	Equity	DebtIn	connection	with	the	cash	equity	financing	deals	closed	in	2016,	our	subsidiaries	issued	$502	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	debt	that	bearsinterest	at	fixed	rates.	This	debt	is	secured	by,	among	other	things,	our	interests	in	certain	financing	funds	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.Solar	Loan-backed	NotesIn	January	2016	and	January	2017,	our	subsidiaries	pooled	and	transferred	certain	MyPower	customer	notes	receivable	into	two	SPEs	and	issued$330	million	in	aggregate	principal	amount	of	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes,	backed	by	these	notes	receivable	to	investors.	Accordingly,	we	did	not	recognize	a	gainor	loss	on	the	transfer	of	these	notes	receivable.	The	SPEs	are	wholly	owned	by	us	and	are	consolidated	in	the	financial	statements.	The	payments	received	bythe	SPEs	from	these	notes	receivable	are	used	to	service	the	semi-annual	principal	and	interest	payments	on	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Notes	and	satisfy	the	SPEs’expenses,	and	any	remaining	cash	is	distributed	to	us.	The	SPEs’	assets	and	cash	flows	are	not	available	to	our	other	creditors,	and	the	creditors	of	the	SPEs,including	the	Solar	Loan-backed	Note	holders,	have	no	recourse	to	our	other	assets.Warehouse	AgreementsIn	August	2016,	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	a	loan	and	security	agreement	(as	amended	from	time	to	time,	the	“2016	Warehouse	Agreement”)	forborrowings	secured	by	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	associated	leased	vehicles.	On	August	17,	2017,	the	2016	WarehouseAgreement	was	amended	to	modify	the	interest	rates	and	extend	the	availability	period	and	the	maturity	date,	and	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	another	loanand	security	agreement	(the	“2017	Warehouse	Agreement”)	with	substantially	the	same	terms	as	and	that	shared	the	same	committed	amount	with	the	2016Warehouse	Agreement.	On	August	16,	2018,	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	and	2017	Warehouse	Agreement	were	amended	to	extend	the	availability	periodsthereunder	from	August	17,	2018	to	August	16,	2019	and	extend	the	maturity	dates	from	September	2019	to	September	2020.	On	December	28,	2018,	oursubsidiaries	terminated	the	2017	Warehouse	Agreement	after	having	fully	repaid	all	obligations	thereunder,	and	entered	into	a	third	loan	and	securityagreement	with	substantially	the	same	terms	as	and	that	shared	the	same	committed	amount	with	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	(the	“2018	WarehouseAgreement”).	We	refer	to	these	agreements	together	as	the	“Warehouse	Agreements”.	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements	generally	bear	orbore	interest	at	a	fixed	margin	above	(i)	LIBOR	or	(ii)	the	commercial	paper	rate.	The	Warehouse	Agreements	are	or	were	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.In	August	2020,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	terminated	the	2018	Warehouse	Agreement	after	having	fully	repaid	all	obligations	thereunder,	leaving	the	2016Warehouse	Agreement	as	the	only	remaining	Warehouse	Agreement.	In	August	2020,	we	further	amended	and	restated	the	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	toextend	the	maturity	date	to	September	2022.	The	2016	Warehouse	Agreement	currently	has	an	aggregate	lender	commitment	of	$1.10	billion,	the	same	amountas	the	aggregate	lender	commitment	previously	shared	with	the	2018	Warehouse	Agreement	prior	to	the	termination	of	the	latter.Pursuant	to	the	Warehouse	Agreements,	an	undivided	beneficial	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arising	from	certain	leases	and	the	related	leasedvehicles	has	been	sold	for	legal	purposes	but	continues	to	be	reported	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	The	interest	in	the	future	cash	flows	arisingfrom	these	leases	and	the	related	vehicles	is	not	available	to	pay	the	claims	of	our	creditors	other	than	pursuant	to	obligations	to	the	lenders	under	theWarehouse	Agreements.	Any	excess	cash	flows	not	required	to	pay	obligations	under	the	Warehouse	Agreements	are	or	were	available	for	distributions.		87	Solar	Term	LoansOur	subsidiaries	have	entered	into	agreements	for	term	loans	with	various	financial	institutions.	The	term	loans	are	secured	by	substantially	all	of	theassets	of	the	subsidiaries,	including	its	interests	in	certain	financing	funds,	and	are	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.	Automotive	Lease-backed	Credit	FacilitiesIn	December	2016,	one	of	our	subsidiaries	entered	into	a	credit	agreement	(the	“Canada	Credit	Facility”)	with	a	bank	for	borrowings	secured	by	ourinterests	in	certain	vehicle	leases.	In	December	2017	and	December	2018,	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	was	amended	to	add	our	interests	in	additional	vehicleleases	as	collateral,	allowing	us	to	draw	additional	funds.	Amounts	drawn	under	the	Canada	Credit	Facility	bear	interest	at	fixed	rates.	The	Canada	CreditFacility	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.In	September	2020,	an	SPE	entered	into	a	revolving	credit	facility	with	a	bank	for	borrowings	secured	by	the	beneficial	interests	related	to	certainleased	vehicles	that	we	transferred	to	the	SPE.	Amounts	drawn	under	this	facility	bear	interest	at	1.85%	plus	LIBOR	and	are	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.Solar	Revolving	Credit	Facility	and	other	LoansWe	have	entered	into	various	solar	revolving	credit	facility	and	other	loan	agreements	with	various	financial	institutions.		The	solar	revolving	creditfacility	is	secured	by	certain	assets	of	the	subsidiary	and	is	non-recourse	to	our	other	assets.Interest	ExpenseThe	following	table	presents	the	interest	expense	related	to	the	contractual	interest	coupon,	the	amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs,	the	amortization	ofdebt	discounts	and	losses	on	extinguishment	of	debt	on	our	convertible	senior	notes	with	cash	conversion	features,	which	include	the	1.50%	Convertible	SeniorNotes	due	in	2018	(matured	in	June	2018),	the	2019	Notes	(matured	in	March	2019),	the	2021	Notes,	the	2022	Notes	and	the	2024	Notes	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Contractual	interest	coupon	$73		$65		$43	Amortization	of	debt	issuance	costs		7			7			7	Amortization	of	debt	discounts		173			148			123	Losses	on	extinguishment	of	debt		105			—			—	Total	$358		$220		$173		Pledged	AssetsAs	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	we	had	pledged	or	restricted	$6.04	billion	and	$5.72	billion	of	our	assets	(consisting	principally	of	restricted	cash,receivables,	inventory,	SRECs,	solar	energy	systems,	operating	lease	vehicles,	land	use	rights,	property	and	equipment,	and	equity	interests	in	certain	SPEs)	ascollateral	for	our	outstanding	debt.Schedule	of	Principal	Maturities	of	DebtThe	future	scheduled	principal	maturities	of	debt	as	of	December	31,	2020	were	as	follows	(in	millions):			Recourse	debt		Non-recourse	debt		Total	2021	$760		$1,058		$1,818	2022		427			1,508			1,935	2023		1,895			511			2,406	2024		1,068			783			1,851	2025		1,804			175			1,979	Thereafter		3			577			580	Total	$5,957		$4,612		$10,569			88	Note	13	–	LeasesWe	have	entered	into	various	operating	and	finance	lease	agreements	for	certain	of	our	offices,	manufacturing	and	warehouse	facilities,	retail	andservice	locations,	equipment,	vehicles,	and	solar	energy	systems,	worldwide.	We	determine	if	an	arrangement	is	a	lease,	or	contains	a	lease,	at	inception	andrecord	the	leases	in	our	financial	statements	upon	lease	commencement,	which	is	the	date	when	the	underlying	asset	is	made	available	for	use	by	the	lessor.We	have	lease	agreements	with	lease	and	non-lease	components,	and	have	elected	to	utilize	the	practical	expedient	to	account	for	lease	and	non-leasecomponents	together	as	a	single	combined	lease	component,	from	both	a	lessee	and	lessor	perspective	with	the	exception	of	direct	sales-type	leases	andproduction	equipment	classes	embedded	in	supply	agreements.	From	a	lessor	perspective,	the	timing	and	pattern	of	transfer	are	the	same	for	the	non-leasecomponents	and	associated	lease	component	and,	the	lease	component,	if	accounted	for	separately,	would	be	classified	as	an	operating	lease.We	have	elected	not	to	present	short-term	leases	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	these	leases	have	a	lease	term	of	12	months	or	less	at	leaseinception	and	do	not	contain	purchase	options	or	renewal	terms	that	we	are	reasonably	certain	to	exercise.	All	other	lease	assets	and	lease	liabilities	arerecognized	based	on	the	present	value	of	lease	payments	over	the	lease	term	at	commencement	date.	Because	most	of	our	leases	do	not	provide	an	implicit	rateof	return,	we	used	our	incremental	borrowing	rate	based	on	the	information	available	at	lease	commencement	date	in	determining	the	present	value	of	leasepayments.Our	leases,	where	we	are	the	lessee,	often	include	options	to	extend	the	lease	term	for	up	to	10	years.	Some	of	our	leases	also	include	options	toterminate	the	lease	prior	to	the	end	of	the	agreed	upon	lease	term.	For	purposes	of	calculating	lease	liabilities,	lease	terms	include	options	to	extend	orterminate	the	lease	when	it	is	reasonably	certain	that	we	will	exercise	such	options.Lease	expense	for	operating	leases	is	recognized	on	a	straight-line	basis	over	the	lease	term	as	cost	of	revenues	or	operating	expenses	depending	on	thenature	of	the	leased	asset.	Certain	operating	leases	provide	for	annual	increases	to	lease	payments	based	on	an	index	or	rate.	We	calculate	the	present	value	offuture	lease	payments	based	on	the	index	or	rate	at	the	lease	commencement	date	for	new	leases	commencing	after	January	1,	2019.	For	historical	leases,	weused	the	index	or	rate	as	of	January	1,	2019.	Differences	between	the	calculated	lease	payment	and	actual	payment	are	expensed	as	incurred.	Amortization	offinance	lease	assets	is	recognized	over	the	lease	term	as	cost	of	revenues	or	operating	expenses	depending	on	the	nature	of	the	leased	asset.	Interest	expenseon	finance	lease	liabilities	is	recognized	over	the	lease	term	in	interest	expense.The	balances	for	the	operating	and	finance	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	are	presented	as	follows	(in	millions)	within	our	consolidated	balance	sheet:			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019	Operating	leases:								Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets	$1,558		$1,218										Accrued	liabilities	and	other	$286		$228	Other	long-term	liabilities		1,254			956	Total	operating	lease	liabilities	$1,540		$1,184										Finance	leases:								Solar	energy	systems,	net	$29		$30	Property,	plant	and	equipment,	net		1,465			1,600	Total	finance	lease	assets	$1,494		$1,630										Current	portion	of	long-term	debt	and	finance	leases	$374		$386	Long-term	debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion		1,094			1,232	Total	finance	lease	liabilities	$1,468		$1,618		89	The	components	of	lease	expense	are	as	follows	(in	millions)	within	our	consolidated	statements	of	operations:			Year	Ended			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019	Operating	lease	expense:								Operating	lease	expense	(1)	$451		$426										Finance	lease	expense:								Amortization	of	leased	assets	$348		$299	Interest	on	lease	liabilities		100			104	Total	finance	lease	expense	$448		$403										Total	lease	expense	$899		$829		(1)Includes	short-term	leases	and	variable	lease	costs,	which	are	immaterial.Other	information	related	to	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	is	as	follows:			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019	Weighted-average	remaining	lease	term:								Operating	leases	6.2	years		6.2	years	Finance	leases	4.9	years		3.9	years										Weighted-average	discount	rate:								Operating	leases		5.8%		6.5%Finance	leases		6.5%		6.5%	Supplemental	cash	flow	information	related	to	leases	where	we	are	the	lessee	is	as	follows	(in	millions):			Year	Ended			December	31,	2020		December	31,	2019	Cash	paid	for	amounts	included	in	the	measurement	of	lease	liabilities:								Operating	cash	outflows	from	operating	leases	$456		$396	Operating	cash	outflows	from	finance	leases	(interest	payments)	$100		$104	Financing	cash	outflows	from	finance	leases	$338		$321	Leased	assets	obtained	in	exchange	for	finance	lease	liabilities	$188		$616	Leased	assets	obtained	in	exchange	for	operating	lease	liabilities	$553		$202		As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	maturities	of	our	operating	and	finance	lease	liabilities	(excluding	short-term	leases)	are	as	follows	(in	millions):			Operating		Finance			Leases		Leases	2021	$366		$462	2022		327			446	2023		279			412	2024		245			299	2025		204			9	Thereafter		425			7	Total	minimum	lease	payments		1,846			1,635	Less:	Interest		306			167	Present	value	of	lease	obligations		1,540			1,468	Less:	Current	portion		286			374	Long-term	portion	of	lease	obligations	$1,254		$1,094		90	Operating	Lease	and	Sales-type	Lease	ReceivablesWe	are	the	lessor	of	certain	vehicle	and	solar	energy	system	arrangements	as	described	in	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies.	As	ofDecember	31,	2020,	maturities	of	our	operating	lease	and	sales-type	lease	receivables	from	customers	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter	were	asfollows	(in	millions):			Operating		Sales-type			Leases		Leases	2021	$774		$21	2022		594			21	2023		351			21	2024		206			30	2025		191			5	Thereafter		2,102			4	Gross	lease	receivables	$4,218		$102		The	above	table	does	not	include	vehicle	sales	to	customers	or	leasing	partners	with	a	resale	value	guarantee	as	the	cash	payments	were	receivedupfront.	For	our	solar	PPA	arrangements,	customers	are	charged	solely	based	on	actual	power	produced	by	the	installed	solar	energy	system	at	a	predefinedrate	per	kilowatt-hour	of	power	produced.	The	future	payments	from	such	arrangements	are	not	included	in	the	above	table	as	they	are	a	function	of	the	powergenerated	by	the	related	solar	energy	systems	in	the	future.	Net	Investment	in	Sales-type	LeasesNet	investment	in	sales-type	leases,	which	is	the	sum	of	the	present	value	of	the	future	contractual	lease	payments,	is	presented	on	the	consolidatedbalance	sheet	as	a	component	of	prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	for	the	current	portion	and	as	other	assets	for	the	long-term	portion.	We	introducedsales-type	leasing	programs	in	volume	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020	and	therefore	have	no	associated	balances	as	of	December	31,	2019.	Lease	receivablesrelating	to	sales-type	leases	are	presented	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,			2020	Gross	lease	receivables	$102	Unearned	interest	income		(11)Net	investment	in	sales-type	leases	$91						Reported	as:				Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets	$17	Other	assets		74	Net	investment	in	sales-type	leases	$91	Note	14	–	Equity	Incentive	PlansIn	June	2019,	we	adopted	the	2019	Equity	Incentive	Plan	(the	“2019	Plan”).	The	2019	Plan	provides	for	the	grant	of	stock	options,	restricted	stock,RSUs,	stock	appreciation	rights,	performance	units	and	performance	shares	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Stock	options	granted	under	the	2019Plan	may	be	either	incentive	stock	options	or	nonstatutory	stock	options.	Incentive	stock	options	may	only	be	granted	to	our	employees.	Nonstatutory	stockoptions	may	be	granted	to	our	employees,	directors	and	consultants.	Generally,	our	stock	options	and	RSUs	vest	over	four	years	and	our	stock	options	areexercisable	over	a	maximum	period	of	10	years	from	their	grant	dates.	Vesting	typically	terminates	when	the	employment	or	consulting	relationship	ends.As	of	December	31,	2020,	49.0	million	shares	were	reserved	and	available	for	issuance	under	the	2019	Plan,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.91	The	following	table	summarizes	our	stock	option	and	RSU	activity:			Stock	Options		RSUs											Weighted-										Weighted-							Weighted-		Average		Aggregate						Average			Number	of		Average		Remaining		Intrinsic		Number		Grant			Options		Exercise		Contractual		Value		of	RSUs		Date	Fair			(in	thousands)		Price		Life	(years)		(in	billions)		(in	thousands)		Value	Balance,			December	31,	2019	(1)		149,974		$55.90											24,031		$58.21	Granted		4,780		$421.73											6,876		$300.51	Exercised	or	released		(6,815)	$44.11											(9,620)	$72.26	Cancelled		(1,006)	$68.67											(2,498)	$82.31	Balance,			December	31,	2020		146,933		$68.26		6.08		$93.66			18,789		$136.49	Vested	and			expected	to	vest,			December	31,	2020		101,617		$69.04			5.80		$64.69			18,778		$136.53	Exercisable	and	vested,			December	31,	2020		66,205		$46.88			4.89		$43.61										(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	See	Note	1,	Overview,	for	details.	The	weighted-average	grant	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	$300.51,	$56.55	and	$63.29,respectively,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	aggregate	release	date	fair	value	of	RSUs	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018was	$3.25	billion,	$502	million	and	$546	million,	respectively.The	aggregate	intrinsic	value	of	options	exercised	in	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019,	and	2018	was	$1.55	billion,	$237	million	and	$293million,	respectively.ESPPOur	employees	are	eligible	to	purchase	our	common	stock	through	payroll	deductions	of	up	to	15%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	any	planlimitations.	The	purchase	price	would	be	85%	of	the	lower	of	the	fair	market	value	on	the	first	and	last	trading	days	of	each	six-month	offering	period.	Duringthe	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	issued	1.8	million,	2.5	million	and	2.0	million	shares	under	the	ESPP,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	theStock	Split.	There	were	34.3	million	shares	available	for	issuance	under	the	ESPP	as	of	December	31,	2020.Fair	Value	AssumptionsWe	use	the	fair	value	method	in	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense.	Under	the	fair	value	method,	we	estimate	the	fair	value	of	each	stockoption	award	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	and	the	ESPP	on	the	grant	date	generally	using	the	Black-Scholes	option	pricing	model.	Theweighted-average	assumptions	used	in	the	Black-Scholes	model	for	stock	options	are	as	follows:			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Risk-free	interest	rate		0.26%		2.4%		2.5%Expected	term	(in	years)		3.9			4.5			4.7	Expected	volatility		69%		48%		42%Dividend	yield		0.0%		0.0%		0.0%Grant	date	fair	value	per	share	(1)	$216.14		$22.32		$24.38			(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	See	Note	1,	Overview,	for	details.	The	fair	value	of	RSUs	with	service	or	service	and	performance	conditions	is	measured	on	the	grant	date	based	on	the	closing	fair	market	value	of	ourcommon	stock.	The	risk-free	interest	rate	is	based	on	the	U.S.	Treasury	yield	for	zero-coupon	U.S.	Treasury	notes	with	maturities	approximating	each	grant’sexpected	life.	We	use	our	historical	data	in	estimating	the	expected	term	of	our	employee	grants.	The	expected	volatility	is	based	on	the	average	of	the	impliedvolatility	of	publicly	traded	options	for	our	common	stock	and	the	historical	volatility	of	our	common	stock.92	2018	CEO	Performance	AwardIn	March	2018,	our	stockholders	approved	the	Board	of	Directors’	grant	of	101.3	million	stock	option	awards	to	our	CEO	(the	“2018	CEO	PerformanceAward”),	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	consists	of	12	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirelyon	the	attainment	of	both	operational	milestones	(performance	conditions)	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	either	as	the	CEO	or	asboth	Executive	Chairman	and	Chief	Product	Officer	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Each	of	the	12	vesting	tranches	of	the	2018	CEO	PerformanceAward	will	vest	upon	certification	by	the	Board	of	Directors	that	both	(i)	the	market	capitalization	milestone	for	such	tranche,	which	begins	at	$100.0	billion	forthe	first	tranche	and	increases	by	increments	of	$50.0	billion	thereafter	(based	on	both	a	six	calendar	month	trailing	average	and	a	30	calendar	day	trailingaverage,	counting	only	trading	days),	has	been	achieved,	and	(ii)	any	one	of	the	following	eight	operational	milestones	focused	on	total	revenue	or	any	one	ofthe	eight	operational	milestones	focused	on	Adjusted	EBITDA	have	been	achieved	for	the	previous	four	consecutive	fiscal	quarters	on	an	annualized	basis.Adjusted	EBITDA	is	defined	as	net	income	(loss)	attributable	to	common	stockholders	before	interest	expense,	provision	(benefit)	for	income	taxes,	depreciationand	amortization	and	stock-based	compensation.	Upon	vesting	and	exercise,	including	the	payment	of	the	exercise	price	of	$70.01	per	share	as	adjusted	to	giveeffect	to	the	Stock	Split,	our	CEO	must	hold	shares	that	he	acquires	for	five	years	post-exercise,	other	than	a	cashless	exercise	where	shares	are	simultaneouslysold	to	pay	for	the	exercise	price	and	any	required	tax	withholding.The	achievement	status	of	the	operational	milestones	as	of	December	31,	2020	was	as	follows:	Total	Annualized	Revenue	Annualized	Adjusted	EBITDAMilestone(in	billions)		Achievement	Status	Milestone(in	billions)		Achievement	Status$20.0		Achieved	and	certified	$1.5		Achieved	and	certified$35.0		Probable	$3.0		Achieved	and	certified$55.0		-	$4.5		Achieved	and	certified$75.0		-	$6.0		Probable$100.0		-	$8.0		Probable$125.0		-	$10.0		-$150.0		-	$12.0		-$175.0		-	$14.0		-	Stock-based	compensation	under	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	represents	a	non-cash	expense	and	is	recorded	as	a	selling,	general,	andadministrative	operating	expense	in	our	consolidated	statement	of	operations.	In	each	quarter	since	the	grant	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award,	we	haverecognized	expense,	generally	on	a	pro-rated	basis,	for	only	the	number	of	tranches	(up	to	the	maximum	of	12	tranches)	that	corresponds	to	the	number	ofoperational	milestones	that	have	been	achieved	or	have	been	determined	probable	of	being	achieved	in	the	future,	in	accordance	with	the	following	principles.On	the	grant	date,	a	Monte	Carlo	simulation	was	used	to	determine	for	each	tranche	(i)	a	fixed	amount	of	expense	for	such	tranche	and	(ii)	the	futuretime	when	the	market	capitalization	milestone	for	such	tranche	was	expected	to	be	achieved,	or	its	“expected	market	capitalization	milestone	achievementtime.”	Separately,	based	on	a	subjective	assessment	of	our	future	financial	performance,	each	quarter	we	determine	whether	it	is	probable	that	we	will	achieveeach	operational	milestone	that	has	not	previously	been	achieved	or	deemed	probable	of	achievement	and	if	so,	the	future	time	when	we	expect	to	achieve	thatoperational	milestone,	or	its	“expected	operational	milestone	achievement	time.”	When	we	first	determine	that	an	operational	milestone	has	become	probableof	being	achieved,	we	allocate	the	entire	expense	for	the	related	tranche	over	the	number	of	quarters	between	the	grant	date	and	the	then-applicable	“expectedvesting	time.”	The	“expected	vesting	time”	at	any	given	time	is	the	later	of	(i)	the	expected	operational	milestone	achievement	time	(if	the	related	operationalmilestone	has	not	yet	been	achieved)	and	(ii)	the	expected	market	capitalization	milestone	achievement	time	(if	the	related	market	capitalization	milestone	hasnot	yet	been	achieved).	We	immediately	recognize	a	catch-up	expense	for	all	accumulated	expense	for	the	quarters	from	the	grant	date	through	the	quarter	inwhich	the	operational	milestone	was	first	deemed	probable	of	being	achieved.	Each	quarter	thereafter,	we	recognize	the	prorated	portion	of	the	then-remainingexpense	for	the	tranche	based	on	the	number	of	quarters	between	such	quarter	and	the	then-applicable	expected	vesting	time,	except	that	upon	vesting	of	atranche,	all	remaining	expense	for	that	tranche	is	immediately	recognized.As	a	result,	we	have	experienced,	and	may	experience	in	the	future,	significant	catch-up	expenses	in	quarters	when	one	or	more	operational	milestonesare	first	determined	to	be	probable	of	being	achieved.	Additionally,	the	expected	market	capitalization	achievement	times	are	generally	later	than	the	relatedexpected	operational	milestone	achievement	times.	Therefore,	if	market	capitalization	milestones	are	achieved	earlier	than	originally	forecasted,	for	exampledue	to	periods	of	rapid	stock	price	appreciation,	this	has	resulted,	and	may	result	in	the	future,	in	higher	catch-up	expenses	and	the	remaining	expenses	beingrecognized	over	shorter	periods	of	time	at	a	higher	per-quarter	rate.93	During	the	three	months	ended	June	30,	2020,	the	first	tranche	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	vested	upon	certification	by	the	Board	of	Directorsthat	the	market	capitalization	milestone	of	$100.0	billion	and	the	operational	milestone	of	$20.0	billion	annualized	revenue	had	been	achieved.	Therefore,	theremaining	unamortized	expense	of	$22	million	for	that	tranche,	which	was	previously	expected	to	be	recognized	ratably	in	future	quarters	as	determined	on	thegrant	date,	was	accelerated	into	the	second	quarter	of	2020.	Additionally,	the	operational	milestone	of	annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$4.5	billion	becameprobable	of	being	achieved	during	the	second	quarter	of	2020	and	consequently,	we	recognized	a	catch-up	expense	of	$79	million	in	that	quarter.	During	the	three	months	ended	September	30,	2020,	the	second	and	third	tranches	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	vested	upon	certification	bythe	Board	of	Directors	that	the	market	capitalization	milestones	of	$150.0	billion	and	$200.0	billion	and	the	operational	milestones	of	annualized	AdjustedEBITDA	of	$1.5	billion	and	annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$3.0	billion	had	been	achieved.	Therefore,	the	remaining	unamortized	expense	of	$95	million	and$118	million	associated	with	the	second	and	third	tranches,	respectively,	which	were	previously	expected	to	be	recognized	ratably	in	future	quarters	asdetermined	on	the	grant	date	were	accelerated	into	the	third	quarter	of	2020.	Additionally,	the	operational	milestone	of	annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$6.0billion	became	probable	of	being	achieved	during	the	third	quarter	of	2020	and	consequently,	we	recognized	a	catch-up	expense	of	$77	million	in	that	quarter.	During	the	three	months	ended	December	31,	2020,	the	fourth	tranche	of	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award	vested	upon	certification	by	the	Board	ofDirectors	that	the	market	capitalization	milestone	of	$250.0	billion	and	the	operational	milestone	of	annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$4.5	billion	had	beenachieved.	Therefore,	the	remaining	unamortized	expense	of	$122	million	for	that	tranche,	which	was	previously	expected	to	be	recognized	ratably	in	futurequarters	through	the	third	quarter	of	2023	as	determined	on	the	grant	date,	was	accelerated	into	the	fourth	quarter	of	2020.	Additionally,	during	the	fourthquarter	of	2020,	the	operational	milestone	of	annualized	Adjusted	EBITDA	of	$8.0	billion	became	probable	of	being	achieved	and	consequently,	we	recognized	acatch-up	expense	of	$75	million	in	that	quarter.				As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	$264	million	of	total	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	for	the	operational	milestones	that	wereconsidered	either	probable	of	achievement	or	achieved	but	not	yet	certified,	which	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	0.6	years.	As	ofDecember	31,	2020,	we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$712	million	for	the	operational	milestones	that	were	considered	not	probableof	achievement.	For	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	we	recorded	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$838	million,	$296	million	and$175	million	related	to	the	2018	CEO	Performance	Award.2014	Performance-Based	Stock	Option	AwardsIn	2014,	to	create	incentives	for	continued	long-term	success	beyond	the	Model	S	program	and	to	closely	align	executive	pay	with	our	stockholders’interests	in	the	achievement	of	significant	milestones	by	us,	the	Compensation	Committee	of	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	stock	option	awards	to	certainemployees	(excluding	our	CEO)	to	purchase	an	aggregate	of	5.4	million	shares	of	our	common	stock,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.	Each	awardconsisted	of	the	following	four	vesting	tranches	with	the	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	the	future	performance	milestones,	assumingcontinued	employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date:	•1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;	•1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period;	•1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and	•1/4th	of	each	award	vests	upon	achieving	an	annualized	gross	margin	of	greater	than	30%	for	any	three-year	period.As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	following	performance	milestones	had	been	achieved:	•Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;	•Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	and	•Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles	in	a	trailing	12-month	period.We	begin	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	performance	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,	2020,we	had	unrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$4	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	not	probable	of	achievement.	For	theyears	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	we	did	not	record	any	additional	stock-based	compensation	related	to	the	2014	Performance-Based	StockOption	Awards.94	2012	CEO	Performance	AwardIn	August	2012,	our	Board	of	Directors	granted	26.4	million	stock	option	awards	to	our	CEO	(the	“2012	CEO	Performance	Award”),	as	adjusted	to	giveeffect	to	the	Stock	Split.	The	2012	CEO	Performance	Award	consists	of	10	vesting	tranches	with	a	vesting	schedule	based	entirely	on	the	attainment	of	bothperformance	conditions	and	market	conditions,	assuming	continued	employment	and	service	through	each	vesting	date.	Each	vesting	tranche	requires	acombination	of	a	pre-determined	performance	milestone	and	an	incremental	increase	in	our	market	capitalization	of	$4.00	billion,	as	compared	to	our	initialmarket	capitalization	of	$3.20	billion	at	the	time	of	grant.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	market	capitalization	conditions	for	all	of	the	vesting	tranches	and	thefollowing	performance	milestones	had	been	achieved:	•Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	alpha	prototype;	•Successful	completion	of	the	Model	X	beta	prototype;	•Completion	of	the	first	Model	X	production	vehicle;	•Aggregate	production	of	100,000	vehicles;	•Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	alpha	prototype;	•Successful	completion	of	the	Model	3	beta	prototype;	•Completion	of	the	first	Model	3	production	vehicle;	•Aggregate	production	of	200,000	vehicles;	and	•Aggregate	production	of	300,000	vehicles.We	begin	recognizing	stock-based	compensation	expense	as	each	milestone	becomes	probable	of	achievement.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	hadunrecognized	stock-based	compensation	expense	of	$6	million	for	the	performance	milestone	that	was	considered	not	probable	of	achievement.	For	the	yearsended	December	31,	2020	and	2019,	we	did	not	record	any	additional	stock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	the	2012	CEO	Performance	Award.	For	theyear	ended	December	31,	2018,	the	stock-based	compensation	we	recorded	related	to	this	award	was	immaterial.Summary	Stock-Based	Compensation	InformationThe	following	table	summarizes	our	stock-based	compensation	expense	by	line	item	in	the	consolidated	statements	of	operations	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Cost	of	revenues	$281		$128		$109	Research	and	development		346			285			261	Selling,	general	and	administrative		1,107			482			375	Restructuring	and	other		—			3			4	Total	$1,734		$898		$749		Our	income	tax	benefits	recognized	from	stock-based	compensation	arrangements	in	each	of	the	periods	presented	were	immaterial	due	to	cumulativelosses	and	valuation	allowances.	During	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019,	and	2018,	stock-based	compensation	expense	capitalized	to	ourconsolidated	balance	sheets	was	$89	million,	$52	million	and	$18	million,	respectively.	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	$3.51	billion	of	total	unrecognizedstock-based	compensation	expense	related	to	non-performance	awards,	which	will	be	recognized	over	a	weighted-average	period	of	2.7	years.	95	Note	15	–	Income	TaxesA	provision	for	income	taxes	of	$292	million,	$110	million	and	$58	million	has	been	recognized	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,respectively,	related	primarily	to	our	subsidiaries	located	outside	of	the	U.S.	Our	income	(loss)	before	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	endedDecember	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	as	follows	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Domestic	$(198)	$(287)	$(412)Noncontrolling	interest	and	redeemable			noncontrolling	interest		141			87			(87)Foreign		1,211			(465)		(506)Income	(loss)	before	income	taxes	$1,154		$(665)	$(1,005)	The	components	of	the	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):		Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Current:												Federal	$—		$—		$(1)State		4			5			3	Foreign		248			86			24	Total	current		252			91			26	Deferred:												Federal		—			(4)		—	State		—			—			—	Foreign		40			23			32	Total	deferred		40			19			32	Total	provision	for	income	taxes	$292		$110		$58		Deferred	tax	assets	(liabilities)	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019	consisted	of	the	following	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Deferred	tax	assets:								Net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	$2,172		$1,846	Research	and	development	credits		624			486	Other	tax	credits		168			126	Deferred	revenue		450			301	Inventory	and	warranty	reserves		315			243	Stock-based	compensation		98			102	Operating	lease	right-of-use	liabilities		335			290	Deferred	GILTI	tax	assets		581			—	Accruals	and	others		205			16	Total	deferred	tax	assets		4,948			3,410	Valuation	allowance		(2,930)		(1,956)Deferred	tax	assets,	net	of	valuation	allowance		2,018			1,454	Deferred	tax	liabilities:								Depreciation	and	amortization		(1,488)		(1,185)Investment	in	certain	financing	funds		(198)		(17)Operating	lease	right-of-use	assets		(305)		(263)Deferred	revenue		(50)		—	Other		(61)		(24)Total	deferred	tax	liabilities		(2,102)		(1,489)Deferred	tax	liabilities,	net	of	valuation	allowance			and	deferred	tax	assets	$(84)	$(35)96	As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	recorded	a	valuation	allowance	of	$2.93	billion	for	the	portion	of	the	deferred	tax	asset	that	we	do	not	expect	to	berealized.	The	valuation	allowance	on	our	net	deferred	taxes	increased	by	$974	million,	increased	by	$150	million,	and	decreased	by	$38	million	during	the	yearsended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018,	respectively.	The	changes	in	valuation	allowance	are	primarily	due	to	additional	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	andliabilities	incurred	in	the	respective	year.	We	have	net	$260	million	of	deferred	tax	assets	in	foreign	jurisdictions,	which	management	believes	are	more-likely-than-not	to	be	fully	realized	given	the	expectation	of	future	earnings	in	these	jurisdictions.	We	did	not	have	material	release	of	valuation	allowance	for	the	yearsended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018.	We	continue	to	monitor	the	realizability	of	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	taking	into	account	multiple	factors,including	the	results	of	operations	and	magnitude	of	excess	tax	deductions	for	stock-based	compensation.	We	intend	to	continue	maintaining	a	full	valuationallowance	on	our	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	until	there	is	sufficient	evidence	to	support	the	reversal	of	all	or	some	portion	of	these	allowances.	Given	theimprovement	in	our	operating	results	and	depending	on	the	amount	of	stock-based	compensation	tax	deduction	available	in	the	future,	we	may	release	thevaluation	allowance	associated	with	the	U.S.	deferred	tax	assets	in	the	next	few	years.	Release	of	all,	or	a	portion,	of	the	valuation	allowance	would	result	in	therecognition	of	certain	deferred	tax	assets	and	a	decrease	to	income	tax	expense	for	the	period	the	release	is	recorded.	The	reconciliation	of	taxes	at	the	federal	statutory	rate	to	our	provision	for	income	taxes	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018	was	asfollows	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Tax	at	statutory	federal	rate	$242		$(139)	$(211)State	tax,	net	of	federal	benefit		4			5			3	Nondeductible	executive	compensations		184			62			39	Other	nondeductible	expenses		52			32			26	Excess	tax	benefits	related	to	stock	based			compensation		(666)		(7)		(44)Foreign	income	rate	differential		33			189			161	U.S.	tax	credits		(181)		(107)		(80)Noncontrolling	interests	and	redeemable			noncontrolling	interests	adjustment		5			(29)		32	GILTI	inclusion		133			—			—	Convertible	debt		—			(4)		—	Unrecognized	tax	benefits		1			17			1	Change	in	valuation	allowance		485			91			131	Provision	for	income	taxes	$292		$110		$58		As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	$9.65	billion	of	federal	and	$6.60	billion	of	state	net	operating	loss	carry-forwards	available	to	offset	future	taxableincome,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2024	for	federal	and	2031	for	state	purposes.	A	portion	of	these	losses	were	generated	by	SolarCityand	some	of	the	companies	we	acquired,	and	therefore	are	subject	to	change	of	control	provisions,	which	limit	the	amount	of	acquired	tax	attributes	that	can	beutilized	in	a	given	tax	year.	We	do	not	expect	these	change	of	control	limitations	to	significantly	impact	our	ability	to	utilize	these	attributes.As	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	research	and	development	tax	credits	of	$417	million	and	$373	million	for	federal	and	state	income	tax	purposes,respectively.	If	not	utilized,	the	federal	research	and	development	tax	credits	will	expire	in	various	amounts	beginning	in	2024.	However,	the	state	of	Californiaresearch	and	development	tax	credits	can	be	carried	forward	indefinitely.	In	addition,	we	have	other	general	business	tax	credits	of	$167	million	for	federalincome	tax	purposes,	which	will	not	begin	to	significantly	expire	until	2033.Federal	and	state	laws	can	impose	substantial	restrictions	on	the	utilization	of	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	in	the	event	of	an“ownership	change,”	as	defined	in	Section	382	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	We	have	determined	that	no	significant	limitation	would	be	placed	on	theutilization	of	our	net	operating	loss	and	tax	credit	carry-forwards	due	to	prior	ownership	changes.The	local	government	of	Shanghai	granted	a	beneficial	corporate	income	tax	rate	of	15%	to	certain	eligible	enterprises,	compared	to	the	25%	statutorycorporate	income	tax	rate	in	China.	Our	Gigafactory	Shanghai	subsidiary	was	granted	this	beneficial	income	tax	rate	of	15%	for	2019	through	2023.No	deferred	tax	liabilities	for	foreign	withholding	taxes	have	been	recorded	relating	to	the	earnings	of	our	foreign	subsidiaries	since	all	such	earningsare	intended	to	be	indefinitely	reinvested.	The	amount	of	the	unrecognized	deferred	tax	liability	associated	with	these	earnings	is	immaterial.97	Uncertain	Tax	PositionsThe	changes	to	our	gross	unrecognized	tax	benefits	were	as	follows	(in	millions):						December	31,	2017	$199	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions		(6)Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax			positions		60	December	31,	2018		253	Decreases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions		(39)Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax			positions		59	December	31,	2019		273	Increases	in	balances	related	to	prior	year	tax	positions		66	Increases	in	balances	related	to	current	year	tax			positions		41	December	31,	2020	$380	As	of	December	31,	2020,	accrued	interest	and	penalties	related	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	are	classified	as	income	tax	expense	and	were	immaterial.Unrecognized	tax	benefits	of	$353	million,	if	recognized,	would	not	affect	our	effective	tax	rate	since	the	tax	benefits	would	increase	a	deferred	tax	asset	that	iscurrently	fully	offset	by	a	full	valuation	allowance.We	file	income	tax	returns	in	the	U.S.,	California	and	various	state	and	foreign	jurisdictions.	We	are	currently	under	examination	by	the	IRS	for	theyears	2015	to	2018.	Additional	tax	years	within	the	period	2004	to	2014	and	2019	remain	subject	to	examination	for	federal	income	tax	purposes,	and	tax	years2004	to	2019	remain	subject	to	examination	for	California	income	tax	purposes.	All	net	operating	losses	and	tax	credits	generated	to	date	are	subject	toadjustment	for	U.S.	federal	and	California	income	tax	purposes.	Tax	years	2008	to	2019	remain	subject	to	examination	in	other	U.S.	state	and	foreignjurisdictions.The	potential	outcome	of	the	current	examination	could	result	in	a	change	to	unrecognized	tax	benefits	within	the	next	twelve	months.	However,	wecannot	reasonably	estimate	possible	adjustments	at	this	time.		The	U.S.	Tax	Court	issued	a	decision	in	Altera	Corp	v.	Commissioner	related	to	the	treatment	of	stock-based	compensation	expense	in	a	cost-sharingarrangement.	On	June	7,	2019,	the	Ninth	Circuit	Court	of	Appeals	(Ninth	Circuit)	reversed	the	Tax	Court	decision	and	upheld	the	validity	of	Treas.	Reg.	Section1.482-7A(d)(2),	requiring	stock-based	compensation	costs	be	included	in	the	costs	shared	under	a	cost	sharing	agreement.	On	June	22,	2020,	the	U.S.	SupremeCourt	denied	to	review	the	Ninth	Circuit	decision.		Prior	to	the	U.S.	Supreme	Court’s	denial,	Tesla	has	already	included	stock-based	compensation	in	costsharing	allocation	agreement	and	hence	retains	its	position.Note	16	–	Commitments	and	ContingenciesOperating	Lease	Arrangement	in	Buffalo,	New	YorkWe	have	an	operating	lease	through	the	Research	Foundation	for	the	State	University	of	New	York	(the	“SUNY	Foundation”)	with	respect	to	GigafactoryNew	York.	Under	the	lease	and	a	related	research	and	development	agreement,	we	are	continuing	to	designate	further	buildouts	at	the	facility.	The	SUNYFoundation	covered	(i)	construction	costs	related	to	the	manufacturing	facility	up	to	$350	million,	(ii)	the	acquisition	and	commissioning	of	the	manufacturingequipment	in	an	amount	up	to	$275	million	and	(iii)	$125	million	for	additional	specified	scope	costs,	in	cases	(i)	and	(ii)	only,	subject	to	the	maximum	fundingallocation	from	the	State	of	New	York;	and	we	were	responsible	for	any	construction	or	equipment	costs	in	excess	of	such	amounts.	The	SUNY	Foundation	ownsthe	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	purchased	by	the	SUNY	Foundation.	Following	completion	of	the	manufacturing	facility,	we	havecommenced	leasing	of	the	manufacturing	facility	and	the	manufacturing	equipment	owned	by	the	SUNY	Foundation	for	an	initial	period	of	10	years,	with	anoption	to	renew,	for	$2.00	per	year	plus	utilities.Under	this	agreement,	we	are	obligated	to,	among	other	things,	meet	employment	targets	as	well	as	specified	minimum	numbers	of	personnel	in	theState	of	New	York	and	in	Buffalo,	New	York	and	spend	or	incur	$5.00	billion	in	combined	capital,	operational	expenses,	costs	of	goods	sold	and	other	costs	inthe	State	of	New	York	during	the	10-year	period	beginning	April	30,	2018.	On	an	annual	basis	during	the	initial	lease	term,	as	measured	on	each	anniversary	ofsuch	date,	if	we	fail	to	meet	these	specified	investment	and	job	creation	requirements,	then	we	would	be	obligated	to	pay	a	$41	million	“program	payment”	tothe	SUNY	Foundation	for	each	year	that	we	fail	to	meet	these	requirements.	Furthermore,	if	the	arrangement	is	terminated	due	to	a	material	breach	by	us,	thenadditional	amounts	may	become	payable	by	us.98	As	we	temporarily	suspended	most	of	our	manufacturing	operations	at	Gigafactory	New	York	pursuant	to	a	New	York	State	executive	order	issued	inMarch	2020	as	a	result	of	the	COVID-19	pandemic,	we	were	granted	a	one-year	deferral	of	our	obligation	to	be	compliant	with	our	applicable	targets	undersuch	agreement	on	April	30,	2020,	which	was	memorialized	in	an	amendment	to	our	agreement	with	the	SUNY	Foundation	in	July	2020.	Moreover,	we	hadexceeded	our	investment	and	employment	obligations	under	this	agreement	prior	to	such	mandated	reduction	of	operations.	We	do	not	currently	expect	anyissues	meeting	all	applicable	future	obligations	under	this	agreement.	However,	if	our	expectations	as	to	the	costs	and	timelines	of	our	investment	andoperations	at	Buffalo	or	our	production	ramp	of	the	Solar	Roof	prove	incorrect,	we	may	incur	additional	expenses	or	substantial	payments	to	the	SUNYFoundation.Operating	Lease	Arrangement	in	Shanghai,	ChinaWe	have	an	operating	lease	arrangement	for	an	initial	term	of	50	years	with	the	local	government	of	Shanghai	for	land	use	rights	where	we	areconstructing	Gigafactory	Shanghai.	Under	the	terms	of	the	arrangement,	we	are	required	to	spend	RMB	14.08	billion	in	capital	expenditures,	and	to	generateRMB	2.23	billion	of	annual	tax	revenues	starting	at	the	end	of	2023.	If	we	are	unwilling	or	unable	to	meet	such	target	or	obtain	periodic	project	approvals,	inaccordance	with	the	Chinese	government’s	standard	terms	for	such	arrangements,	we	would	be	required	to	revert	the	site	to	the	local	government	and	receivecompensation	for	the	remaining	value	of	the	land	lease,	buildings	and	fixtures.	We	believe	the	capital	expenditure	requirement	and	the	tax	revenue	target	willbe	attainable	even	if	our	actual	vehicle	production	was	far	lower	than	the	volumes	we	are	forecasting.Legal	ProceedingsSecurities	Litigation	Relating	to	the	SolarCity	AcquisitionBetween	September	1,	2016	and	October	5,	2016,	sevenlawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	by	purported	stockholders	of	Teslachallenging	our	acquisition	of	SolarCity	Corporation	(“SolarCity”).	Following	consolidation,	the	lawsuit	names	as	defendants	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	ofdirectors	as	then	constituted	and	alleges,	among	other	things,	that	board	members	breached	their	fiduciary	duties	in	connection	with	the	acquisition.	Thecomplaint	asserts	both	derivative	claims	and	direct	claims	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	and	seeks,	among	other	relief,	unspecified	monetary	damages,	attorneys’fees,	and	costs.	On	January	27,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	operative	complaint.	Rather	than	respond	to	the	defendants’	motion,	the	plaintiffsfiled	an	amended	complaint.	On	March	17,	2017,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint.	On	December	13,	2017,	the	Court	heard	oralargument	on	the	motion.	On	March	28,	2018,	the	Court	denied	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss.	Defendants	filed	a	request	for	interlocutory	appeal,	and	theDelaware	Supreme	Court	denied	that	request	without	ruling	on	the	merits	but	electing	not	to	hear	an	appeal	at	this	early	stage	of	the	case.	Defendants	filed	theiranswer	on	May	18,	2018,	and	mediations	were	held	on	June	10,	2019.	Plaintiffs	and	defendants	filed	respective	motions	for	summary	judgment	on	August	25,2019,	and	further	mediations	were	held	on	October	3,	2019.	The	Court	held	a	hearing	on	the	motions	for	summary	judgment	on	November	4,	2019.	On	January22,	2020,	all	of	the	director	defendants	except	Elon	Musk	reached	a	settlement	to	resolve	the	lawsuit	against	them	for	an	amount	that	would	be	paid	entirelyunder	the	applicable	insurance	policy.	The	settlement,	which	does	not	involve	an	admission	of	any	wrongdoing	by	any	party,	was	approved	by	the	Court	onAugust	17,	2020.	Tesla	received	payment	of	approximately	$43	million	on	September	16,	2020,	which	has	been	recognized	in	our	consolidated	statement	ofoperations	as	a	reduction	to	selling,	general	and	administrative	operating	expenses	for	costs	previously	incurred	in	the	securities	litigation	related	to	theacquisition	of	SolarCity.	On	February	4,	2020,	the	Court	issued	a	ruling	that	denied	plaintiffs’	previously-filed	motion	and	granted	in	part	and	denied	in	partdefendants’	previously-filed	motion.	Fact	and	expert	discovery	is	complete,	and	the	case	was	set	for	trial	in	March	2020	until	it	was	postponed	by	the	Court	dueto	safety	precautions	concerning	COVID-19.	The	current	tentative	dates	for	the	trial	are	from	July	12	to	July	23,	2021,	subject	to	change	based	on	any	furthersafety	measures	implemented	by	the	Court.These	plaintiffs	and	others	filed	parallel	actions	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	on	or	about	April	21,	2017.	They	include	claims	forviolations	of	the	federal	securities	laws	and	breach	of	fiduciary	duties	by	Tesla’s	board	of	directors.	Those	actions	have	been	consolidated	and	stayed	pending	theabove-referenced	Chancery	Court	litigation.We	believe	that	claims	challenging	the	SolarCity	acquisition	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimatethe	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	these	claims.99	Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	Production	of	Model	3	VehiclesOn	October	10,	2017,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	against	Tesla,	two	ofits	current	officers,	and	a	former	officer.	The	complaint	alleges	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	and	seeks	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	otherrelief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	from	May	4,	2016	to	October	6,	2017.	The	lawsuit	claims	that	Tesla	supposedly	madematerially	false	and	misleading	statements	regarding	Tesla’s	preparedness	to	produce	Model	3	vehicles.	Plaintiffs	filed	an	amended	complaint	on	March	23,2018,	and	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	on	May	25,	2018.	The	court	granted	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss	with	leave	to	amend.	Plaintiffs	filed	theiramended	complaint	on	September	28,	2018,	and	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	amended	complaint	on	February	15,	2019.		The	hearing	on	the	motionto	dismiss	was	held	on	March	22,	2019,	and	on	March	25,	2019,	the	Court	ruled	in	favor	of	defendants	and	dismissed	the	complaint	with	prejudice.		On	April	8,2019,	plaintiffs	filed	a	notice	of	appeal	and	on	July	17,	2019	filed	their	opening	brief.	We	filed	our	opposition	on	September	16,	2019.	A	hearing	on	the	appealbefore	the	U.S.	Court	of	Appeals	for	the	Ninth	Circuit	(“Ninth	Circuit”)	was	held	on	April	30,	2020.	On	January	26,	2021,	the	Ninth	Circuit	affirmed	the	DistrictCourt’s	dismissal	of	the	stockholder	claims.	We	continue	to	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	Weare	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.On	October	26,	2018,	in	a	similar	action,	a	purported	stockholder	class	action	was	filed	in	the	Superior	Court	of	California	in	Santa	Clara	County	againstTesla,	Elon	Musk,	and	seven	initial	purchasers	in	an	offering	of	debt	securities	by	Tesla	in	August	2017.	The	complaint	alleges	misrepresentations	made	byTesla	regarding	the	number	of	Model	3	vehicles	Tesla	expected	to	produce	by	the	end	of	2017	in	connection	with	such	offering	and	seeks	unspecifiedcompensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla	securities	in	such	offering.	Tesla	thereafter	removed	the	case	tofederal	court.	On	January	22,	2019,	plaintiff	abandoned	its	effort	to	proceed	in	state	court,	instead	filing	an	amended	complaint	against	Tesla,	Elon	Musk	andseven	initial	purchasers	in	the	debt	offering	before	the	same	judge	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	Northern	District	of	California	who	is	hearing	the	above-referenced	earlier	filed	federal	case.	On	February	5,	2019,	the	Court	stayed	this	new	case	pending	a	ruling	on	the	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint	in	suchearlier	filed	federal	case.	After	such	earlier	filed	federal	case	was	dismissed,	defendants	filed	a	motion	on	July	2,	2019	to	dismiss	this	case	as	well.	This	case	isnow	stayed	pending	a	ruling	from	the	Ninth	Circuit	on	the	earlier	filed	federal	case	with	an	agreement	that	if	defendants	prevail	on	appeal	in	such	case,	thiscase	will	be	dismissed.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	without	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possibleloss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.Litigation	Relating	to	2018	CEO	Performance	AwardOn	June	4,	2018,	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	filed	a	putative	class	and	derivative	action	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	against	Elon	Musk	and	themembers	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted,	alleging	corporate	waste,	unjust	enrichment,	and	that	such	board	members	breached	their	fiduciaryduties	by	approving	the	stock-based	compensation	plan.	The	complaint	seeks,	among	other	things,	monetary	damages	and	rescission	or	reformation	of	thestock-based	compensation	plan.	On	August	31,	2018,	defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint;	plaintiff	filed	its	opposition	brief	on	November	1,	2018and	defendants	filed	a	reply	brief	on	December	13,	2018.	The	hearing	on	the	motion	to	dismiss	was	held	on	May	9,	2019.	On	September	20,	2019,	the	Courtgranted	the	motion	to	dismiss	as	to	the	corporate	waste	claim	but	denied	the	motion	as	to	the	breach	of	fiduciary	duty	and	unjust	enrichment	claims.	Ouranswer	was	filed	on	December	3,	2019,	and	trial	is	set	for	April	2022.	Fact	discovery	is	ongoing.	We	believe	the	claims	asserted	in	this	lawsuit	are	without	meritand	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.Litigation	Related	to	Directors’	CompensationOn	June	17,	2020,	a	purported	Tesla	stockholder	filed	a	derivative	action	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	Tesla,	againstcertain	of	Tesla’s	current	and	former	directors	regarding	compensation	awards	granted	to	Tesla’s	directors,	other	than	Elon	Musk,	between	2017	and	2020.The	suit	asserts	claims	for	breach	of	fiduciary	duty	and	unjust	enrichment	and	seeks	declaratory	and	injunctive	relief,	unspecified	damages,	and	other	relief.Defendants	filed	their	answer	on	September	17,	2020.	Trial	is	set	for	September	2022,	and	fact	discovery	is	ongoing.	We	believe	that	the	claims	are	withoutmerit	and	intend	to	defend	against	this	lawsuit	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	possible	loss	or	range	of	loss,	if	any,	associated	with	this	lawsuit.100	Securities	Litigation	Relating	to	Potential	Going	Private	TransactionBetween	August	10,	2018	and	September	6,	2018,	nine	purported	stockholder	class	actions	were	filed	against	Tesla	and	Elon	Musk	in	connection	withMr.	Musk’s	August	7,	2018	Twitter	post	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private.	All	of	the	suits	are	now	pending	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	NorthernDistrict	of	California.	Although	the	complaints	vary	in	certain	respects,	they	each	purport	to	assert	claims	for	violations	of	federal	securities	laws	related	to	Mr.Musk’s	statement	and	seek	unspecified	compensatory	damages	and	other	relief	on	behalf	of	a	purported	class	of	purchasers	of	Tesla’s	securities.	Plaintiffs	filedtheir	consolidated	complaint	on	January	16,	2019	and	added	as	defendants	the	members	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors.	The	now-consolidated	purportedstockholder	class	action	was	stayed	while	the	issue	of	selection	of	lead	counsel	was	briefed	and	argued	before	the	Ninth	Circuit.	The	Ninth	Circuit	ruledregarding	lead	counsel.	Defendants	filed	a	motion	to	dismiss	the	complaint	on	November	22,	2019.	The	hearing	on	the	motion	was	held	on	March	6,	2020.	OnApril	15,	2020,	the	Court	denied	defendants’	motion	to	dismiss.	The	parties	stipulated	to	certification	of	a	class	of	stockholders,	which	the	court	granted	onNovember	25,	2020.	Trial	is	set	for	May	2022.	We	believe	that	the	claims	have	no	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	toestimate	the	potential	loss,	or	range	of	loss,	associated	with	these	claims.Between	October	17,	2018	and	November	9,	2018,	five	derivative	lawsuits	were	filed	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	against	Mr.	Musk	and	themembers	of	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted	in	relation	to	statements	made	and	actions	connected	to	a	potential	going	private	transaction.	Inaddition	to	these	cases,	on	October	25,	2018,	another	derivative	lawsuit	was	filed	in	the	U.S.	District	Court	for	the	District	of	Delaware	against	Mr.	Musk	andthe	members	of	the	Tesla	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted.	The	Courts	in	both	the	Delaware	federal	court	and	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery	actions	haveconsolidated	their	respective	actions	and	stayed	each	consolidated	action	pending	resolution	of	the	above-referenced	consolidated	purported	stockholder	classaction.	We	believe	that	the	claims	have	no	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	potential	loss	or	range	of	loss,	ifany,	associated	with	these	lawsuits.Beginning	on	March	7,	2019,	various	stockholders	filed	derivative	suits	in	the	Delaware	Court	of	Chancery,	purportedly	on	behalf	of	Tesla,	naming	Mr.Musk	and	Tesla’s	board	of	directors	as	then	constituted,	also	related	to	Mr.	Musk’s	August	7,	2018	Twitter	post	that	is	the	basis	of	the	above-referencedconsolidated	purported	stockholder	class	action,	as	well	as	to	Mr.	Musk’s	February	19,	2019	Twitter	post	regarding	Tesla’s	vehicle	production.	The	suit	assertsclaims	for	breach	of	fiduciary	duty	and	seeks	declaratory	and	injunctive	relief,	unspecified	damages,	and	other	relief.	Plaintiffs	agreed	to	a	stipulation	that	thesederivative	cases	would	be	stayed	pending	the	outcome	of	the	above-referenced	consolidated	purported	stockholder	class	action.	In	March	2019,	plaintiffs	in	oneof	these	derivative	suits	moved	to	lift	the	stay	and	for	an	expedited	trial.	Briefs	were	filed	on	March	13,	2019,	and	the	hearing	was	held	on	March	18,	2019.Defendants	prevailed,	with	the	Court	denying	the	plaintiffs’	request	for	an	expedited	trial	and	granting	defendants’	request	to	continue	to	stay	this	suit	pendingthe	outcome	of	the	above-referenced	consolidated	purported	stockholder	class	action.	On	May	4,	2020,	the	same	plaintiffs	again	filed	a	motion	requesting	to	liftthe	stay	and	for	an	expedited	trial.	Briefs	were	filed	on	May	13,	2020	and	May	15,	2020	and	a	hearing	was	held	on	May	19,	2020.	Defendants	again	prevailed,with	the	Court	denying	plaintiffs’	request	to	lift	the	stay	and	for	an	expedited	trial.	The	plaintiffs	also	sought	leave	to	file	an	amended	complaint,	which	wasgranted.	The	Court	entered	an	order	implementing	its	ruling	on	May	21,	2020.	The	amended	complaint	asserts	additional	allegations	of	breach	of	fiduciary	dutyrelated	to	two	additional	Twitter	posts	by	Mr.	Musk,	dated	July	29,	2019	and	May	1,	2020,	and	seeks	unspecified	damages	and	declaratory	and	injunctiverelief.	We	believe	that	the	claims	have	no	merit	and	intend	to	defend	against	them	vigorously.	We	are	unable	to	estimate	the	potential	loss	or	range	of	loss,	ifany,	associated	with	these	lawsuits.Certain	Investigations	and	Other	MattersWe	receive	requests	for	information	from	regulators	and	governmental	authorities,	such	as	the	National	Highway	Traffic	Safety	Administration,	theNational	Transportation	Safety	Board,	the	SEC,	the	Department	of	Justice	(“DOJ”)	and	various	state,	federal,	and	international	agencies.	We	routinely	cooperatewith	such	regulatory	and	governmental	requests.	In	particular,	the	SEC	had	issued	subpoenas	to	Tesla	in	connection	with	(a)	Elon	Musk’s	prior	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	privateand	(b)	certain	projections	that	we	made	for	Model	3	production	rates	during	2017	and	other	public	statements	relating	to	Model	3	production.	The	take-privateinvestigation	was	resolved	and	closed	with	a	settlement	entered	into	with	the	SEC	in	September	2018	and	as	further	clarified	in	April	2019	in	an	amendment.On	December	4,	2019,	the	SEC	(i)	closed	the	investigation	into	the	projections	and	other	public	statements	regarding	Model	3	production	rates	and	(ii)	issued	asubpoena	seeking	information	concerning	certain	financial	data	and	contracts	including	Tesla’s	regular	financing	arrangements.	Separately,	the	DOJ	had	alsoasked	us	to	voluntarily	provide	it	with	information	about	the	above	matters	related	to	taking	Tesla	private	and	Model	3	production	rates.Aside	from	the	settlement,	as	amended,	with	the	SEC	relating	to	Mr.	Musk’s	statement	that	he	was	considering	taking	Tesla	private,	there	have	not	beenany	developments	in	these	matters	that	we	deem	to	be	material,	and	to	our	knowledge	no	government	agency	in	any	ongoing	investigation	has	concluded	thatany	wrongdoing	occurred.	As	is	our	normal	practice,	we	have	been	cooperating	and	will	continue	to	cooperate	with	government	authorities.	We	cannot	predictthe	outcome	or	impact	of	any	ongoing	matters.	Should	the	government	decide	to	pursue	an	enforcement	action,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverseimpact	on	our	business,	results	of	operation,	prospects,	cash	flows,	and	financial	position.101	We	are	also	subject	to	various	other	legal	proceedings	and	claims	that	arise	from	the	normal	course	of	business	activities.	If	an	unfavorable	ruling	ordevelopment	were	to	occur,	there	exists	the	possibility	of	a	material	adverse	impact	on	our	business,	results	of	operations,	prospects,	cash	flows,	financialposition,	and	brand.Indemnification	and	Guaranteed	ReturnsWe	are	contractually	obligated	to	compensate	certain	fund	investors	for	any	losses	that	they	may	suffer	in	certain	limited	circumstances	resulting	fromreductions	in	investment	tax	credits	claimed	under	U.S.	federal	laws	for	the	installation	of	solar	power	facilities	and	energy	storage	systems	that	are	chargedfrom	a	co-sited	solar	power	facility	(“ITC”s).	Generally,	such	obligations	would	arise	as	a	result	of	reductions	to	the	value	of	the	underlying	solar	energy	systemsas	assessed	by	the	U.S.	Internal	Revenue	Service	(the	“IRS”)	for	purposes	of	claiming	ITCs.	For	each	balance	sheet	date,	we	assess	and	recognize,	whenapplicable,	a	distribution	payable	for	the	potential	exposure	from	this	obligation	based	on	all	the	information	available	at	that	time,	including	any	auditsundertaken	by	the	IRS.	We	believe	that	any	payments	to	the	fund	investors	in	excess	of	the	amounts	already	recognized	by	us	for	this	obligation	are	notprobable	or	material	based	on	the	facts	known	at	the	filing	date.The	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	we	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	would	depend	on	the	difference	between	the	fair	values	of	thesolar	energy	systems	sold	or	transferred	to	the	funds	as	determined	by	us	and	the	values	that	the	IRS	would	determine	as	the	fair	value	for	the	systems	forpurposes	of	claiming	ITCs.	We	claim	ITCs	based	on	guidelines	provided	by	the	U.S.	Treasury	department	and	the	statutory	regulations	from	the	IRS.	We	use	fairvalues	determined	with	the	assistance	of	independent	third-party	appraisals	commissioned	by	us	as	the	basis	for	determining	the	ITCs	that	are	passed-throughto	and	claimed	by	the	fund	investors.	Since	we	cannot	determine	exactly	how	the	IRS	will	evaluate	system	values	used	in	claiming	ITCs,	we	are	unable	toreliably	estimate	the	maximum	potential	future	payments	that	it	could	have	to	make	under	this	obligation	as	of	each	balance	sheet	date.We	are	eligible	to	receive	certain	state	and	local	incentives	that	are	associated	with	renewable	energy	generation.	The	amount	of	incentives	that	can	beclaimed	is	based	on	the	projected	or	actual	solar	energy	system	size	and/or	the	amount	of	solar	energy	produced.	We	also	currently	participate	in	one	state’sincentive	program	that	is	based	on	either	the	fair	market	value	or	the	tax	basis	of	solar	energy	systems	placed	in	service.	State	and	local	incentives	received	areallocated	between	us	and	fund	investors	in	accordance	with	the	contractual	provisions	of	each	fund.	We	are	not	contractually	obligated	to	indemnify	any	fundinvestor	for	any	losses	they	may	incur	due	to	a	shortfall	in	the	amount	of	state	or	local	incentives	actually	received.Letters	of	CreditAs	of	December	31,	2020,	we	had	$233	million	of	unused	letters	of	credit	outstanding.	Note	17	–	Variable	Interest	Entity	ArrangementsWe	have	entered	into	various	arrangements	with	investors	to	facilitate	the	funding	and	monetization	of	our	solar	energy	systems	and	vehicles.	Inparticular,	our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	and	fund	investors	have	formed	and	contributed	cash	and	assets	into	various	financing	funds	and	entered	into	relatedagreements.	We	have	determined	that	the	funds	are	variable	interest	entities	(“VIEs”)	and	we	are	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs	by	reference	to	thepower	and	benefits	criterion	under	ASC	810,	Consolidation.	We	have	considered	the	provisions	within	the	agreements,	which	grant	us	the	power	to	manage	andmake	decisions	that	affect	the	operation	of	these	VIEs,	including	determining	the	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	the	associated	customer	contracts	to	besold	or	contributed	to	these	VIEs,	redeploying	solar	energy	systems	or	vehicles	and	managing	customer	receivables.	We	consider	that	the	rights	granted	to	thefund	investors	under	the	agreements	are	more	protective	in	nature	rather	than	participating.As	the	primary	beneficiary	of	these	VIEs,	we	consolidate	in	the	financial	statements	the	financial	position,	results	of	operations	and	cash	flows	of	theseVIEs,	and	all	intercompany	balances	and	transactions	between	us	and	these	VIEs	are	eliminated	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements.	Cash	distributions	ofincome	and	other	receipts	by	a	fund,	net	of	agreed	upon	expenses,	estimated	expenses,	tax	benefits	and	detriments	of	income	and	loss	and	tax	credits,	areallocated	to	the	fund	investor	and	our	subsidiary	as	specified	in	the	agreements.Generally,	our	subsidiary	has	the	option	to	acquire	the	fund	investor’s	interest	in	the	fund	for	an	amount	based	on	the	market	value	of	the	fund	or	theformula	specified	in	the	agreements.Upon	the	sale	or	liquidation	of	a	fund,	distributions	would	occur	in	the	order	and	priority	specified	in	the	agreements.Pursuant	to	management	services,	maintenance	and	warranty	arrangements,	we	have	been	contracted	to	provide	services	to	the	funds,	such	asoperations	and	maintenance	support,	accounting,	lease	servicing	and	performance	reporting.	In	some	instances,	we	have	guaranteed	payments	to	the	fundinvestors	as	specified	in	the	agreements.	A	fund’s	creditors	have	no	recourse	to	our	general	credit	or	to	that	of	other	funds.	None	of	the	assets	of	the	funds	hadbeen	pledged	as	collateral	for	their	obligations.102	The	aggregate	carrying	values	of	the	VIEs’	assets	and	liabilities,	after	elimination	of	any	intercompany	transactions	and	balances,	in	the	consolidatedbalance	sheets	were	as	follows	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	Assets								Current	assets								Cash	and	cash	equivalents	$87		$106	Accounts	receivable,	net		28			27	Prepaid	expenses	and	other	current	assets		105			100	Total	current	assets		220			233	Operating	lease	vehicles,	net		—			1,183	Solar	energy	systems,	net		4,749			5,030	Other	non-current	assets		182			156	Total	assets	$5,151		$6,602	Liabilities								Current	liabilities								Accrued	liabilities	and	other	$63		$80	Deferred	revenue		11			78	Customer	deposits		14			9	Current	portion	of	debt	and	finance	leases		797			608	Total	current	liabilities		885			775	Deferred	revenue,	net	of	current	portion		168			264	Debt	and	finance	leases,	net	of	current	portion		1,346			1,516	Other	long-term	liabilities		19			22	Total	liabilities	$2,418		$2,577			Note	18	–	Lease	Pass-Through	Financing	ObligationThrough	December	31,	2020,	we	had	entered	into	eight	transactions	referred	to	as	“lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements”.	Under	these	arrangements,our	wholly	owned	subsidiaries	finance	the	cost	of	solar	energy	systems	with	investors	through	arrangements	contractually	structured	as	master	leases	for	aninitial	term	ranging	between	10	and	25	years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	subject	to	lease	or	PPAs	with	customers	with	an	initial	term	not	exceeding	25years.	These	solar	energy	systems	are	included	within	solar	energy	systems,	net	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.The	cost	of	the	solar	energy	systems	under	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019	was	$1.05	billion.	Theaccumulated	depreciation	on	these	assets	as	of	December	31,	2020	and	2019	was	$137	million	and	$101	million,	respectively.	The	total	lease	pass-throughfinancing	obligation	as	of	December	31,	2020	was	$68	million,	of	which	$41	million	is	classified	as	a	current	liability.	The	total	lease	pass-through	financingobligation	as	of	December	31,	2019	was	$94	million,	of	which	$57	million	was	classified	as	a	current	liability.	Lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	isincluded	in	accrued	liabilities	and	other	for	the	current	portion	and	other	long-term	liabilities	for	the	long-term	portion	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheets.Under	a	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement,	the	investor	makes	a	large	upfront	payment	to	the	lessor,	which	is	one	of	our	subsidiaries,	and	in	somecases,	subsequent	periodic	payments.	We	allocate	a	portion	of	the	aggregate	investor	payments	to	the	fair	value	of	the	assigned	ITCs,	which	is	estimated	bydiscounting	the	projected	cash	flow	impact	of	the	ITCs	using	a	market	interest	rate	and	is	accounted	for	separately.	We	account	for	the	remainder	of	theinvestor	payments	as	a	borrowing	by	recording	the	proceeds	received	as	a	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation,	which	is	repaid	from	the	future	customerlease	payments	and	any	incentive	rebates.	A	portion	of	the	amounts	received	by	the	investor	is	allocated	to	interest	expense	using	the	effective	interest	ratemethod.The	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	is	non-recourse	once	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	have	been	placed	in-service	and	the	associatedcustomer	arrangements	have	been	assigned	to	the	investors.	In	addition,	we	are	responsible	for	any	warranties,	performance	guarantees,	accounting	andperformance	reporting.	Furthermore,	we	continue	to	account	for	the	customer	arrangements	and	any	incentive	rebates	in	the	consolidated	financial	statements,regardless	of	whether	the	cash	is	received	by	us	or	directly	by	the	investors.103	As	of	December	31,	2020,	the	future	minimum	master	lease	payments	to	be	received	from	investors,	for	each	of	the	next	five	years	and	thereafter,	wereas	follows	(in	millions):	2021	$41	2022		33	2023		26	2024		18	2025		27	Thereafter		423	Total	$568	For	two	of	the	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangements,	our	subsidiaries	have	pledged	its	assets	to	the	investors	as	security	for	its	obligations	under	thecontractual	agreements.Each	lease	pass-through	fund	arrangement	has	a	one-time	master	lease	prepayment	adjustment	mechanism	that	occurs	when	the	capacity	and	theplaced-in-service	dates	of	the	associated	solar	energy	systems	are	finalized	or	on	an	agreed-upon	date.	As	part	of	this	mechanism,	the	master	lease	prepaymentamount	is	updated,	and	we	may	be	obligated	to	refund	a	portion	of	a	master	lease	prepayment	or	entitled	to	receive	an	additional	master	lease	prepayment.	Anyadditional	master	lease	prepayments	are	recorded	as	an	additional	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation	while	any	master	lease	prepayment	refunds	wouldreduce	the	lease	pass-through	financing	obligation.	Note	19	–	Defined	Contribution	PlanWe	have	a	401(k)	savings	plan	that	is	intended	to	qualify	as	a	deferred	salary	arrangement	under	Section	401(k)	of	the	Internal	Revenue	Code.	Underthe	401(k)	savings	plan,	participating	employees	may	elect	to	contribute	up	to	100%	of	their	eligible	compensation,	subject	to	certain	limitations.	Participantsare	fully	vested	in	their	contributions.	We	did	not	make	any	contributions	to	the	401(k)	savings	plan	during	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020,	2019	and	2018(other	than	employee	deferrals	of	eligible	compensation).		Note	20	–	Related	Party	TransactionsIn	November	2018,	our	CEO	purchased	from	us	284,575	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	a	private	placement	at	a	per	share	price	equal	to	the	last	closingprice	of	our	stock	prior	to	the	execution	of	the	purchase	agreement	for	an	aggregate	$20	million,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.In	May	2019,	our	CEO	purchased	from	us	514,400	shares	of	our	common	stock	in	a	public	offering	at	the	public	offering	price	for	an	aggregate	$25million,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.In	February	2020,	our	CEO	and	a	member	of	our	Board	of	Directors	purchased	from	us	65,185	and	6,250	shares,	respectively,	of	our	common	stock	in	apublic	offering	at	the	public	offering	price	for	an	aggregate	$10	million	and	$1	million,	respectively,	as	adjusted	to	give	effect	to	the	Stock	Split.In	June	2020,	our	CEO	entered	into	an	indemnification	agreement	with	us	for	an	interim	term	of	90	days.	During	the	interim	term,	we	resumed	ourannual	evaluation	of	all	available	options	for	providing	directors’	and	officers’	indemnity	coverage,	which	we	had	suspended	during	the	height	of	shelter-in-place	requirements	related	to	the	COVID-19	pandemic.	As	part	of	such	process,	we	obtained	a	binding	market	quote	for	a	directors’	and	officers’	liabilityinsurance	policy	with	an	aggregate	coverage	limit	of	$100	million.Pursuant	to	the	indemnification	agreement,	our	CEO	provided,	from	his	personal	funds,	directors’	and	officers’	indemnity	coverage	to	us	during	theinterim	term	in	the	event	such	coverage	is	not	indemnifiable	by	us,	up	to	a	total	of	$100	million.	In	return,	we	paid	our	CEO	a	total	of	$3	million,	whichrepresents	the	market-based	premium	for	the	market	quote	described	above	as	prorated	for	90	days	and	further	discounted	by	50%.	Following	the	lapse	of	the90-day	period,	we	did	not	extend	the	term	of	the	indemnification	agreement	with	our	CEO	and	instead	bound	a	customary	directors’	and	officers’	liabilityinsurance	policy	with	third-party	carriers.	104	Note	21	–	Segment	Reporting	and	Information	about	Geographic	AreasWe	have	two	operating	and	reportable	segments:	(i)	automotive	and	(ii)	energy	generation	and	storage.	The	automotive	segment	includes	the	design,development,	manufacturing,	sales,	and	leasing	of	electric	vehicles	as	well	as	sales	of	automotive	regulatory	credits.	Additionally,	the	automotive	segment	isalso	comprised	of	services	and	other,	which	includes	non-warranty	after-sales	vehicle	services,	sales	of	used	vehicles,	retail	merchandise,	sales	by	our	acquiredsubsidiaries	to	third	party	customers,	and	vehicle	insurance	revenue.	The	energy	generation	and	storage	segment	includes	the	design,	manufacture,installation,	sales,	and	leasing	of	solar	energy	generation	and	energy	storage	products	and	related	services	and	sales	of	solar	energy	systems	incentives.	OurCODM	does	not	evaluate	operating	segments	using	asset	or	liability	information.	The	following	table	presents	revenues	and	gross	profit	by	reportable	segment(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	Automotive	segment												Revenues	$29,542		$23,047		$19,906	Gross	profit	$6,612		$3,879		$3,852	Energy	generation	and	storage	segment												Revenues	$1,994		$1,531		$1,555	Gross	profit	$18		$190		$190		The	following	table	presents	revenues	by	geographic	area	based	on	the	sales	location	of	our	products	(in	millions):			Year	Ended	December	31,			2020		2019		2018	United	States	$15,207		$12,653		$14,872	China		6,662			2,979			1,757	Other		9,667			8,946			4,832	Total	$31,536		$24,578		$21,461		The	revenues	in	certain	geographic	areas	were	impacted	by	the	price	adjustments	we	made	to	our	vehicle	offerings	during	the	years	ended	December31,	2020	and	2019.	Refer	to	Note	2,	Summary	of	Significant	Accounting	Policies,	for	details.	The	following	table	presents	long-lived	assets	by	geographic	area	(in	millions):			December	31,		December	31,			2020		2019	United	States	$15,989		$15,644	International		2,737			890	Total	$18,726		$16,534			Note	22	–	Restructuring	and	OtherDuring	the	year	ended	December	31,	2019,	we	carried	out	certain	restructuring	actions	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency.	As	a	result,	werecognized	$50	million	of	costs	primarily	related	to	employee	termination	expenses	and	losses	from	closing	certain	stores	impacting	both	segments.	Werecognized	$47	million	in	impairment	related	to	the	IPR&D	intangible	asset	as	we	abandoned	further	development	efforts	and	$15	million	for	the	relatedequipment	within	the	energy	generation	and	storage	segment.	We	also	incurred	a	loss	of	$37	million	for	closing	operations	in	certain	facilities.	On	thestatement	of	cash	flows,	the	amounts	were	presented	in	the	captions	in	which	such	amounts	would	have	been	recorded	absent	the	impairment	charges.	Theemployee	termination	expenses	were	substantially	paid	by	December	31,	2019,	while	the	remaining	amounts	were	non-cash.During	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018,	we	carried-out	certain	restructuring	actions	in	order	to	reduce	costs	and	improve	efficiency	and	recognized$37	million	of	employee	termination	expenses	and	estimated	losses	from	sub-leasing	a	certain	facility.	The	employee	termination	cash	expenses	of	$27	millionwere	substantially	paid	by	the	end	of	2018,	while	the	remaining	amounts	were	non-cash.	Also	included	within	restructuring	and	other	activities	was	$55	millionof	expenses	(materially	all	of	which	were	non-cash)	from	restructuring	the	energy	generation	and	storage	segment,	which	comprised	of	disposals	of	certaintangible	assets,	the	shortening	of	the	useful	life	of	a	trade	name	intangible	asset	and	a	contract	termination	penalty.	In	addition,	we	concluded	that	a	smallportion	of	the	IPR&D	asset	is	not	commercially	feasible.	Consequently,	we	recognized	an	impairment	loss	of	$13	million.	We	recognized	settlement	and	legalexpenses	of	$30	million	in	the	year	ended	December	31,	2018	for	the	settlement	with	the	SEC	relating	to	a	take-private	proposal	for	Tesla.	These	expenses	weresubstantially	paid	by	the	end	of	2018.105	Note	23	–	Subsequent	Events	Early	Conversions	of	Convertible	Senior	NotesBetween	January	1,	2021	and	February	5,	2021,	we	have	received	additional	conversion	notices	on	our	2022	Notes	and	2024	Notes	for	$62	million	and$623	million	in	aggregate	principal	amounts,	respectively,	for	which	we	intend	to	settle	the	principal	amounts	in	cash	during	the	three	months	ended	March	31,2021.	InvestmentsIn	January	2021,	we	updated	our	investment	policy	to	provide	us	with	more	flexibility	to	further	diversify	and	maximize	returns	on	our	cash	that	is	notrequired	to	maintain	adequate	operating	liquidity.	As	part	of	the	policy,	we	may	invest	a	portion	of	such	cash	in	certain	specified	alternative	reserve	assets.Thereafter,	we	invested	an	aggregate	$1.50billion	in	bitcoin	under	this	policy.	Moreover,	we	expect	to	begin	accepting	bitcoin	as	a	form	of	payment	for	ourproducts	in	the	near	future,	subject	to	applicable	laws	and	initially	on	a	limited	basis,	which	we	may	or	may	not	liquidate	upon	receipt.We	will	account	for	digital	assets	as	indefinite-lived	intangible	assets	in	accordance	with	ASC	350,	Intangibles–Goodwill	and	Other.	The	digital	assets	areinitially	recorded	at	cost	and	are	subsequently	remeasured	on	the	consolidated	balance	sheet	at	cost,	net	of	any	impairment	losses	incurred	since	acquisition.We	will	perform	an	analysis	each	quarter	to	identify	impairment.	If	the	carrying	value	of	the	digital	asset	exceeds	the	fair	value	based	on	the	lowest	pricequoted	in	the	active	exchanges	during	the	period,	we	will	recognize	an	impairment	loss	equal	to	the	difference	in	the	consolidated	statement	of	operations.The	cost	basis	of	the	digital	assets	will	not	be	adjusted	upward	for	any	subsequent	increases	in	their	quoted	prices	on	the	active	exchanges.	Gains	(ifany)	will	not	be	recorded	until	realized	upon	sale.	Note	24	–	Quarterly	Results	of	Operations	(Unaudited)The	following	table	presents	selected	quarterly	results	of	operations	data	for	the	years	ended	December	31,	2020	and	2019	(in	millions,	except	per	shareamounts):			Three	Months	Ended			March	31		June	30		September	30		December	31	2020																Total	revenues	$5,985		$6,036		$8,771		$10,744	Gross	profit	$1,234		$1,267		$2,063		$2,066	Net	income	attributable	to	common			stockholders	$16		$104		$331		$270	Net	income	per	share	of	common	stock			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic	(1)	$0.02		$0.11		$0.32		$0.28	Net	income	per	share	of	common	stock			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	diluted	(1)	$0.02		$0.10		$0.27		$0.24	2019																Total	revenues	$4,541		$6,350		$6,303		$7,384	Gross	profit	$566		$921		$1,191		$1,391	Net	(loss)	income	attributable	to	common			stockholders	$(702)	$(408)	$143		$105	Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	basic	(1)	$(0.82)	$(0.46)	$0.16		$0.12	Net	(loss)	income	per	share	of	common	stock			attributable	to	common	stockholders,	diluted	(1)	$(0.82)	$(0.46)	$0.16		$0.11		(1)Prior	period	results	have	been	adjusted	to	reflect	the	Stock	Split.	See	Note	1,	Overview,	for	details.	106	ITEM	9.CHANGES	IN	AND	DISAGREEMENTS	WITH	ACCOUNTANTS	ON	ACCOUNTING	AND	FINANCIAL	DISCLOSURENone.ITEM	9A.CONTROLS	AND	PROCEDURESEvaluation	of	Disclosure	Controls	and	ProceduresOur	management,	with	the	participation	of	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer,	evaluated	the	effectiveness	of	our	disclosurecontrols	and	procedures	pursuant	to	Rule	13a-15	under	the	Securities	Exchange	Act	of	1934,	as	amended	(the	“Exchange	Act”).	In	designing	and	evaluating	thedisclosure	controls	and	procedures,	our	management	recognizes	that	any	controls	and	procedures,	no	matter	how	well	designed	and	operated,	can	provide	onlyreasonable	assurance	of	achieving	the	desired	control	objectives.	In	addition,	the	design	of	disclosure	controls	and	procedures	must	reflect	the	fact	that	thereare	resource	constraints	and	that	our	management	is	required	to	apply	its	judgment	in	evaluating	the	benefits	of	possible	controls	and	procedures	relative	totheir	costs.Based	on	this	evaluation,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer	concluded	that,	as	of	December	31,	2020,	our	disclosure	controlsand	procedures	were	designed	at	a	reasonable	assurance	level	and	were	effective	to	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	the	information	we	are	required	todisclose	in	reports	that	we	file	or	submit	under	the	Exchange	Act	is	recorded,	processed,	summarized	and	reported	within	the	time	periods	specified	in	theSecurities	and	Exchange	Commission	rules	and	forms,	and	that	such	information	is	accumulated	and	communicated	to	our	management,	including	our	ChiefExecutive	Officer	and	our	Chief	Financial	Officer,	as	appropriate,	to	allow	timely	decisions	regarding	required	disclosures.Management’s	Report	on	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingOur	management	is	responsible	for	establishing	and	maintaining	adequate	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.	Internal	control	over	financialreporting	is	a	process	designed	by,	or	under	the	supervision	of,	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer	to	provide	reasonable	assuranceregarding	the	reliability	of	financial	reporting	and	the	preparation	of	financial	statements	for	external	purposes	in	accordance	with	generally	acceptedaccounting	principles	and	includes	those	policies	and	procedures	that	(1)	pertain	to	the	maintenance	of	records	that	in	reasonable	detail	accurately	and	fairlyreflect	the	transactions	and	dispositions	of	our	assets;	(2)	provide	reasonable	assurance	that	transactions	are	recorded	as	necessary	to	permit	preparation	offinancial	statements	in	accordance	with	generally	accepted	accounting	principles,	and	that	our	receipts	and	expenditures	are	being	made	only	in	accordancewith	authorizations	of	our	management	and	directors	and	(3)	provide	reasonable	assurance	regarding	prevention	or	timely	detection	of	unauthorizedacquisition,	use	or	disposition	of	our	assets	that	could	have	a	material	effect	on	the	financial	statements.Under	the	supervision	and	with	the	participation	of	our	management,	including	our	Chief	Executive	Officer	and	Chief	Financial	Officer,	we	conducted	anevaluation	of	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	based	on	criteria	established	in	Internal	Control	–	Integrated	Framework	(2013)issued	by	the	Committee	of	Sponsoring	Organizations	of	the	Treadway	Commission	(“COSO”).	Our	management	concluded	that	our	internal	control	overfinancial	reporting	was	effective	as	of	December	31,	2020.Our	independent	registered	public	accounting	firm,	PricewaterhouseCoopers	LLP,	has	audited	the	effectiveness	of	our	internal	control	over	financialreporting	as	of	December	31,	2020,	as	stated	in	their	report	which	is	included	herein.Limitations	on	the	Effectiveness	of	ControlsBecause	of	inherent	limitations,	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	may	not	prevent	or	detect	misstatements	and	projections	of	any	evaluation	ofeffectiveness	to	future	periods	are	subject	to	the	risk	that	controls	may	become	inadequate	because	of	changes	in	conditions,	or	that	the	degree	of	compliancewith	the	policies	or	procedures	may	deteriorate.Changes	in	Internal	Control	over	Financial	ReportingThere	was	no	change	in	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting	that	occurred	during	the	fourth	fiscal	quarter	of	the	year	ended	December	31,	2020,which	has	materially	affected,	or	is	reasonably	likely	to	materially	affect,	our	internal	control	over	financial	reporting.ITEM	9B.OTHER	INFORMATIONNone.	107