Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IITEM 1.BUSINESSOverviewAs our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to becomeone." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history — inspiring us to do things like tackling deep computer scienceproblems, such as our investments in artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing.Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. OurOther Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afield from our core Google business. We take a long term view and manage theportfolio of Other Bets with the discipline and rigor needed to deliver long-term returns. Each of our businesses are designed to prosper throughstrong leaders and independence.Access and technology for everyoneThe Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers, capable of propelling new ideas and people forward. Today, our mission toorganize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant as it was when we were founded in 1998. Since then,we’ve evolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that helps you get things done. We’re focused on building an evenmore helpful Google for everyone. We aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase their knowledge, health, happiness, and success.Across Google, we're focused on continually innovating in areas where technology can have an impact on people’s lives. Our work in AI ishelping to produce earlier and more precise flood warnings. We’re also working hard to make sure that our products are accessible to the more thanone billion individuals around the world with a disability. For example, Android 10 has automatic Live Captions for videos, podcasts and voicemails tomake it easier to consume information on the phone.Our Other Bets are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, as a part of our efforts in the Metro Phoenix area, Waymo isworking toward our goal of making transportation safer and easier for everyone while Verily is developing tools and platforms to improve healthoutcomes.MoonshotsMany companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads toirrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought we were crazy when weacquired YouTube and Android and when we launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobiledevices and a safer, popular browser. We continue to look toward the future and continue to invest for the long-term. As we said in the originalfounders' letter, we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that we believe in because they are the key to our long-term success.The power of machine learningAcross the company, machine learning and AI are increasingly driving many of our latest innovations. Within Google, our investments inmachine learning over a decade have enabled us to build products that are smarter and more helpful. For example, our investments in AI areenabling doctors to detect cancer earlier. Machine learning powers the Google Assistant and many of our newer technologies.GoogleServing our usersWe have always been a company committed to building products that have the potential to improve the lives of millions of people. Our productinnovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google's core products and platforms,such as Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube each have over one billion monthly active users.As the majority of Alphabet’s big bets continue to reside within Google, an important benefit of the shift to Alphabet has been the tremendous focusthat we’re able to have on Google’s many extraordinary opportunities.Our products have come a long way since the company was founded more than two decades ago. Instead of just showing ten blue links in oursearch results, we are increasingly able to provide direct answers — even if you're speaking your question using Voice Search — which makes itquicker, easier and more natural to find what you're looking for. With Google Lens, you can use your phone’s camera to identify an unfamiliarlandmark or find a trailer5Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.from a movie poster. Over time, we have also added other services that let you access information quickly and easily — like Google Maps, whichhelps you navigate to a store while showing you current traffic conditions, or Google Photos, which helps you store and organize your photos.This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digital content,on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. And with the migration to mobile, people are consuming more digital content bywatching more videos, playing more games, listening to more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before. Working withcontent creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to find great digital content.Fueling all of these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That’s why we continue to invest in platforms like ourAndroid mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, and Daydream virtual reality platform, as well as growing our familyof great hardware devices. We see tremendous potential for devices to be helpful, make your life easier, and get better over time, by combining thebest of Google's AI, software, and hardware. This is reflected in our latest generation of hardware products like Pixel 4 phones and the Google NestHub smart display. Creating beautiful products that people rely on every day is a journey that we are investing in for the long run.Key to building helpful products for users is our commitment to keeping their data safe online. As the Internet evolves, we continue to invest inour industry-leading security technologies and privacy tools, such as the addition of auto-delete controls to enable users to automatically deleteactivity after 3 or 18 months and incognito mode in YouTube and Maps.Google was a company built in the cloud. We continue to invest in infrastructure, security, data management, analytics and AI. We seesignificant opportunity in helping businesses enhance these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments andmachine learning tools to provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and G Suite. Google Cloud Platform enablesdevelopers to build, test, and deploy applications on Google’s highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Our G Suite productivity tools — whichinclude apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, and more — are designed with real-time collaboration and machine intelligence to help people worksmarter. Because more and more of today’s great digital experiences are being built in the cloud, our Google Cloud products help businesses of allsizes take advantage of the latest technology advances to operate more efficiently.How we make moneyThe goal of our advertising products is to deliver relevant ads at just the right time and to give people useful commercial information, regardlessof the device they’re using. We also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns. Ouradvertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses, and we offer a wide range of products across devices and formats. Wegenerate revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising.•Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Most ofour performance advertisers pay us when a user engages in their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users whiledriving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers to create simple text-based ads that appear on Google propertiesand the properties of Google Network Members. In addition, Google Network Members use our platforms to display relevant ads on theirproperties, generating revenues when site visitors view or click on the ads. We continue to invest in our advertising programs and makesignificant upgrades.•Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images,and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to specificaudiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns.We have built a world-class ad technology platform for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing businesses. Weaim to ensure great user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies. We alsoseek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers know when their campaigns are effective.We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating the bestadvertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, ranging from filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of bad ads from oursystems every year to closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blacklisting them when necessary to ensure that ads donot fund bad content.6Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We continue to look to the future and are making long-term investments that will grow revenues beyond advertising, including Google Cloud,Google Play, hardware, and YouTube. We are also investing in research efforts in AI and quantum computing to foster innovation across ourbusinesses and create new opportunities.Other BetsThroughout Alphabet, we are also using technology to try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet’s investment in our portfolioof Other Bets include emerging businesses at various stages of development, ranging from those in the research and development phase to thosethat are in the beginning stages of commercialization, and our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses in the medium to longterm. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already generating revenue and makingimportant strides in their industries. Revenues are primarily generated from internet and TV services, as well as licensing and R&D services.Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. Weare investing in our portfolio of Other Bets and being very deliberate about the focus, scale, and pace of investments.CompetitionOur business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspect ofour business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. We facecompetition from:•General purpose search engines and information services, such as Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, and Yandex.•Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries), Microsoft'sLinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly to such content, websites, and apps rather than gothrough Google.•Social networks, such as Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely on social networks for product or service referrals,rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.•Other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise in multiplemedia, both online and offline.•Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers that useGoogle Ads, our primary auction-based advertising platform.•Providers of digital video services, such as Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Disney, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and TikTok.In businesses that are further afield from our advertising business, we compete with companies that have longer operating histories and moreestablished relationships with customers and users. We face competition from:•Other digital content and application platform providers, such as Amazon and Apple.•Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietaryplatforms.•Providers of enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft.•Digital assistant providers, such as Amazon and Apple.Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplace acrossour businesses. Specifically, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining:•Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as well asthe general usefulness, security and availability of our products and services.•Advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in anefficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels.•Content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues fromadvertising, and the terms of our agreements with them.Intellectual Property7Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and ourbrand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. Wehave also filed patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and acquired patent assets to supplement ourportfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties.Culture and EmployeesWe take great pride in our culture. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas to address complex technicalchallenges. Transparency and open dialogue are central to how we work, and we aim to ensure that company news reaches our employees firstthrough internal channels.Despite our rapid growth, we still cherish our roots as a startup and wherever possible empower employees to act on great ideas regardless oftheir role or function within the company. We strive to hire great employees, with backgrounds and perspectives as diverse as those of our globalusers. We work to provide an environment where these talented people can have fulfilling careers addressing some of the biggest challenges intechnology and society.Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue investing in hiring talentedemployees and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. As of December 31, 2019, we had 118,899 full-time employees.Although we have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries, our U.S. employees are not represented bya labor union. Competition for qualified personnel in our industry is intense, particularly for software engineers, computer scientists, and othertechnical staff.Ongoing Commitment to SustainabilityWe strive to build sustainability into everything we do from designing and operating efficient data centers, advancing carbon-free energy,creating sustainable workplaces, building better devices and services, empowering users with technology, and enabling a responsible supply chain.Google has been carbon neutral since 2007 and we are the largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy in the world. In 2018, for the secondconsecutive year, we matched 100% of our electricity consumption with renewable energy purchases, as reported in our 2019 EnvironmentalReport.Some other 2019 highlights and achievements include:•We made our largest corporate purchase of renewable energy: 18 new energy deals totaling 1,600 megawatts, which is anticipated to spurthe construction of more than $2 billion in new energy infrastructure.•100% of Nest products launched in 2019 include recycled plastic content and we launched carbon neutral shipping for Google’s directcustomers who buy a product on Google Shopping or purchase Made by Google hardware.•The Environmental Insights Explorer is enabling municipalities — which represent more than 70% of global greenhouse gas emissionsaccording to the 2016 United Nations Habitat World Cities Report — to estimate emissions and develop climate action plans. In 2019, weexpanded this tool to more than 100 cities worldwide.We believe that climate change is one of the most significant global challenges of our time. In 2017, we developed a climate resilience strategy,which included conducting a climate scenario analysis. We have been on CDP’s (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate Change A list forfive consecutive years. We believe our CDP report reflects the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures(TCFD).More information on Google's approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports. The content of our sustainabilityreports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC.SeasonalityOur business is affected by seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such astraditional retail seasonality.Available InformationOur website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, are availablethrough our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC's website atwww.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC.8Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investmentcommunity. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and otheritems of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news andproduct updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, which may be of interest or material to our investors. Further, corporategovernance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, isalso available on our investor relations website under the heading "Other." The content of our websites are not incorporated by reference into thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactivetextual references only.ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORSOur operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, whichcould harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Risks Specific to our CompanyWe generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, or newand existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to customize ads could harm our business.We generated over 83% of total revenues from the display of ads online in 2019. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute ourproducts and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue todo business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brandawareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, as wellas changes to other companies’ advertising policies or practices may affect the advertising that we are able to provide, which could harm ourbusiness. In addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult or that block the display of ads altogether andsome providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality of third-party digitaladvertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our reputation, financial condition,and operating results.In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adversemacroeconomic conditions can also have a material negative effect on the demand for advertising and cause our advertisers to reduce the amountsthey spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, we maynot remain competitive, which could harm our business and operating results.Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, andfrequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliverinnovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure toinnovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in research and development,including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services.We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large andestablished companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories in various sectors. They can use their experienceand resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to invest heavily in research anddevelopment and in talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to compete aggressively forusers, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Our competitors may be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than wecan or may foresee the need for products and services before us. For example, we are investing significantly in subscription-based products andservices such as YouTube, which face intense competition from large experienced companies with well established relationships with users.Our operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, publishers,customers, and content providers. As technologies continue to develop, our competitors may be able to offer experiences that are, or that are seento be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remaincompetitive. If our competitors9Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.are more successful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, andcontent providers, our operating results could be harmed.Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt our currentoperations and harm our financial condition and operating results.We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The investments that we aremaking across Google and Other Bets reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, advertisers,publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments in Google and Other Bets span a wide range of industries beyond online advertising.Such investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, wemay incur unanticipated liabilities. These endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion of management resourcesand, with respect to Other Bets, the use of alternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately alignincentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives.Within Google, we continue to invest heavily in hardware, including our smartphones and home devices, which is a highly competitivemarket with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, short product lifecycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, and price and feature sensitivity on thepart of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide hardware that competes effectively.We are also devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform andG Suite. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent, particularly to support andscale the Cloud salesforce. At the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services. Pricing and deliverymodels are competitive and evolving, and we may not attain sufficient scale and profitability to achieve our business objectives.Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in the areas of health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investmentareas face intense competition from large experienced and well-funded competitors and our offerings may not be able to compete effectively or tooperate at sufficient levels of profitability.In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use artificial intelligence and machine learning, raise ethical,technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services. Becauseall of these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not harm ourreputation, financial condition, and operating results.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition and the continuedexpansion of our business into a variety of new fields. Changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix,and property mix and an increasing competition for advertising may also affect our advertising revenue growth rate. We may also experience adecline in our revenue growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, if there is a decrease in the rate of adoption of our products, services,and technologies, or due to deceleration or decline in demand for devices used to access our services, among other factors.In addition to a decline in our revenue growth rate, we may also experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from avariety of factors, such as the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as hardware, GoogleCloud, Google Play, gaming, and subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets, all of which may have margins lower thanthose we generate from advertising. We may also experience downward pressure on our operating margins from increasing competition andincreased costs for many aspects of our business, including within advertising where changes such as device mix, property mix, and partneragreements can affect margin. The margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could also decrease in the future ifwe pay a larger percentage of advertising fees to them. We may also pay increased TAC to our distribution partners as well as increased contentacquisition costs to content providers. We may also face an increase in infrastructure costs, supporting businesses such as Search, Google Cloud,and YouTube. Additionally, our spend to promote new products and services or distribute certain products and services or increased investment inour innovation efforts across Google and our Other Bets businesses may affect our operating margins.Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not beindicative of our future performance.10Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services andbrand as well as affect our ability to compete.Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside ofour control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectualproperty protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet.Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Although we seek to obtain patent protection forour innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we may not have adequate patent or copyrightprotection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility, despite our efforts, that the scope ofthe protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive information couldbe compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risks associated with ourtrademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word“search.” Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts, particularly those outside of the UnitedStates, may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using theword “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand.Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectualproperty rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to dobusiness and harm our operating results.Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our baseof users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners.Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google andOther Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our users,advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands may be negatively affected by a number of factors, including, amongothers, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues and developments, and product or technicalperformance failures. For example, if we fail to appropriately respond to the sharing of misinformation or objectionable content on our services orobjectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise adequately address user concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands. Our brandsmay also be negatively affected by the use of our products or services to disseminate information that is deemed to be false or misleading.Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance equity in our brands may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Oursuccess will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and services thatare truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings.We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition,operating results, and prospects.We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our productsand our internet-based services.We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, to design certain of our components and parts, andto participate in the distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage thesecompanies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due tofinancial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them.We may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industryallocations, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, natural disasters, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires,and increased storm severity), and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. We may experience shortages or othersupply chain disruptions that could negatively affect our operations. In addition, some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure andproducts are available only from a single source or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms in theevent of a supply chain disruption. In addition, a significant hardware supply interruption could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions.11Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We may enter into long term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may be liable formaterials and products that are not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, andwarranty issues. For instance, because many of our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase requirements, ifthe volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costs orother financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and negatively affect our financial results. Furthermore,certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them withcompetitive advantages and may affect our supply.Our products and services may have quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may becaused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products and services does not meet expectations orour products or services are defective, it could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies, such as the Google SupplierCode of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual property licensing, butwe do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders,harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectual property, could affect ourability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims.Interruption, interference with, or failure of our information technology and communications systems could hurt our ability toeffectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. In addition,complications with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could harm our businessand operations.The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our informationtechnology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from terrorist attacks, naturaldisasters, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss,telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts toharm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Ourdata centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting fromproblems experienced by facility operators. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for alleventualities.The occurrence of a natural disaster, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems at our data centers could result in lengthyinterruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, whichcould result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems.In addition, we rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are inthe process of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system isdesigned to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, and provide timelyinformation to our management team. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencing delays, increased costs,and other difficulties. Failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned could harm our business, financial condition,and operating results. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended,the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected.Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and operatingresults.Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. Internationalrevenues accounted for approximately 54% of our consolidated revenues in 2019. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, ourinternational operations expose us to other risks, including the following:•Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cashearned in countries outside the U.S.12Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Import and export requirements, tariffs, trade disputes and barriers, and customs classifications that may prevent us from offering productsor providing services to a particular market, or that could limit our ability to source assemblies and finished products from a particularmarket, and may increase our operating costs.•Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.•Evolving foreign events, including Brexit, the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union (EU). Brexit may adversely affect ourrevenues and could subject us to new regulatory costs and challenges (including the transfer of personal data between the EU and theUnited Kingdom), in addition to other adverse effects that we are unable to effectively anticipate.•Anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to governmentofficials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties.•Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.•Different employee/employer relationships, existence of works councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance,language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure tofluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations inexchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedging programs are alsoinherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results.Risks Related to our IndustryPeople access the Internet through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement of technologyand user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services developed for these newinterfaces, our business could be harmed.People access the Internet through a growing variety of devices such as desktop computers, mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets,video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and services may be lesspopular on these new interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products andservices may not be available on these devices as a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. Inaddition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps, social media or other platforms, which could harmour business. It is hard to predict the challenges we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new productsand services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms anddevices. Failing to attract and retain a substantial number of new device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing todevelop products and technologies that work well on new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating resultsand ability to capture future business opportunities.Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause us to incursignificant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Software bugs or defects,security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and interference with ourusers and customers’ ability to use our products and services, harming our business operations and reputation.Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other data-privacy-relatedmatters, even if unfounded, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change over time asexpectations regarding privacy and data change.Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information, and bugs, theft, misuse, defects, vulnerabilities inour products and services, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, improper use and disclosure of such information,litigation, and other potential liability. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with our privacy policies, and/or inadvertentdisclosure of user data could result in government and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business, andimpair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to maintain security protections thatshield against bugs, theft, misuse, or security vulnerabilities or breaches.We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience futuresecurity issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors or13Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.vulnerabilities in our or other parties’ systems, which could result in significant legal and financial exposure. Government inquiries and enforcementactions, litigation, and adverse press coverage could harm our business. We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities orimplement adequate preventative measures. Attacks and security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information,harming our business.While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incidentresponse teams, our response process may not be adequate, may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not respond quicklyenough, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which couldharm our business, financial condition, and operating results.Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse ofuser data.In addition to our efforts to mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and content review efforts tocombat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigations and review of platform applicationsthat could access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we could discover incidents of unnecessary access to ormisuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our datalimitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, or other factors, and we may be notified ofsuch incidents or activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistentwith our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper ad purchases, activities thatthreaten people’s safety on- or offline, or instances of spamming, scraping, or spreading disinformation. We may also be unsuccessful in our effortsto enforce our policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust andengagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adverselyaffect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which couldresult in monetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.Problematic content, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations of our guidelinescould affect the quality of our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users from using ourproducts and services.We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors to manipulate ourhosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuine user interest orintent. While we invest significantly in efforts to promote high-quality and relevant results and to detect and prevent low-quality content and invalidtraffic, we may be unable to adequately detect and prevent such abuses.Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than our searchengine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts (known as “web spam”) may affect the quality of content on ourplatforms and lead them to display false, misleading or undesirable content.Although English-language web spam in our search results has been reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expectweb spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve their rankings. We continuously combat web spam in our search results,including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. We also continue to invest in anddeploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam from abusing our platforms.We also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate largequantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes focused on low-quality websites.If we fail to detect and prevent an increase in problematic content, it could hurt our reputation for delivering relevant information or reduce useof our platforms, harming our financial condition or operating results. It may also subject us to litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result inmonetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.14Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may beable to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses andthe loss of users and advertisers.Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth towork effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet accessmarketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned serviceproviders. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of useraccess to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, or by chargingincreased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulations prohibiting certain forms of discrimination byinternet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists in the United States and elsewhere regarding such protections. For example, in2018 the United States Federal Communications Commission repealed net neutrality rules, which could lead internet access providers to restrict,block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services. In addition, in some jurisdictions, our products and services have beensubject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. Such interference could result in a loss of existing users, customers and advertisers,goodwill, and increased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users, customers and advertisers, thereby harming our business.Risks Related to Laws and RegulationsWe are subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in public policies governing a wide range of topics that maynegatively affect our business.We and other companies in the technology industry are experiencing increased regulatory scrutiny. For instance, various regulatory agencies,including competition, consumer protection, and privacy authorities, are reviewing aspects of our products and services. We continue to cooperatewith these investigations. Prior, existing, and new investigations have in the past and may in the future result in substantial fines and penalties,changes to our products and services, alterations to our business operations, and civil litigation, all of which could harm our business, reputation,financial condition, and operating results.Changes in international and local social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range oftopics may increase our cost of doing business, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or services, and cause usto change our business practices. Further, our investment in a variety of new fields, including the health industry and payment services, also raises anumber of new regulatory issues. These factors could harm our business and operating results in material ways.A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business.We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations (ornew interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our practices) may make our products and servicesless useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products and services, require us to incur substantial costs, expose usto unanticipated civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These laws and regulations are evolving and involve matterscentral to our business, including, among others:•Competition laws and regulations around the world.•Privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 that came into effect in January of 2020, which gives new data privacyrights to California residents, and SB-327 in California, which regulates the security of data in connection with internet connected devices.•Data protection laws passed by many states within the U.S. and by certain countries regarding notification to data subjects and/or regulatorswhen there is a security breach of personal data.•Copyright laws, such as the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (EUCD) of April 17, 2019, which increases the liability ofcontent-sharing services with respect to content uploaded by their users. It has also created a new property right in news publications thatwill limit the ability of some online services to interact with or present such content. Each EU Member State must implement the EUCD byJune 7, 2021. In addition, there are new constraining licensing regimes that limit our ability to operate with respect to copyright protectedworks.•Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed withinthat country.15Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution of certain materials to children and regulate the ability of online services tocollect information from minors.•Various laws with regard to content removal and disclosure obligations, such as the Network Enforcement Act in Germany, which may affectour businesses and operations and may subject us to significant fines if such laws are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent withour practices or when we may not proactively discover such content due to the scale of third-party content and the limitations of existingtechnologies. Other countries, including Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom, have implemented or are considering similarlegislation imposing penalties for failure to remove certain types of content.In addition, the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain and could harm our business. For example:•We rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act in the United States and the E-Commerce Directive inEurope, against copyright liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation or court rulings affecting these safeharbors may adversely affect us.•Court decisions such as the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on May 13, 2014 on the ‘right to be forgotten,’which allows individuals to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the content we can showto our users and impose significant operational burdens.•Court decisions that require Google to remove links not just in the jurisdiction of the issuing court, but for all versions of the search engineworldwide, including in locations where the content at issue is lawful, may limit the content we can show to our users and impose significantoperational burdens. The Supreme Court of Canada issued such a decision against Google in June 2017, and others could treat its decisionas persuasive. With respect to the ‘right to be forgotten,’ a follow-up case of the CJEU on September 24, 2019 ruled that a search engineoperator is not required to remove links from all versions of the search engine worldwide, but the court also noted in some cases, removal oflinks from all versions of the search engine available from the EU (including non-EU specific versions) may be required.The introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies, our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions we take maysubject us to additional laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in thefuture. Any failure on our part to comply with laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort andmay subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financial condition,and operating results.We are subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, consumerprotection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers orpublishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due to our manufacturing and sale of an expanded suite of products, including hardware as wellas Google Cloud offerings, we may also be subject to a variety of claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumer protection claimsrelated to product defects, among other litigation. We may also be subject to claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, otherenvironmental impacts, or service disruptions or failures.Any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources,negative publicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significantjudgment. The resolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties,injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.Our products and services let users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in various onlineactivities. We also place advertisements displayed on other companies’ websites, and we offer third-party products, services, and/or content. Thelaw relating to the liability of online service providers for others’ activities on their services is still somewhat unsettled both within the U.S. andinternationally. Claims have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright and trademark infringement, unfaircompetition, unlawful activity, torts, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of information available on or via our services.16Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We may be subject to claims by virtue of our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to content createdby third parties. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, mayresult in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Adverse interpretations of these laws could harmour business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protectionand limits on encryption of user data. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, or regulation could result in fines and orders requiring that we change ourdata practices, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide services, harming our business operations. Complying with theseevolving laws could result in substantial costs and harm the quality of our products and services, negatively affecting our business.Recent legal developments in Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from Europe to the UnitedStates. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU orrelated to products and services that we offer to EU users or customers, or the monitoring of their behavior in the EU. The GDPR creates a range ofnew compliance obligations.Ensuring compliance with the GDPR is an ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs, and despite our efforts, governmentalauthorities or others have asserted and may continue to assert that our business practices fail to comply with its requirements. If our operations arefound to violate GDPR requirements, we may incur substantial fines, have to change our business practices, and face reputational harm, any ofwhich could have a material adverse effect on our business. In particular, serious breaches of the GDPR can result in administrative fines of up to4% of annual worldwide revenues. Fines of up to 2% of annual worldwide revenues can be levied for other specified violations.The EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks allow U.S. companies that self-certify to the U.S. Department of Commerce andpublicly commit to comply with specified requirements to import personal data from the EU and Switzerland. However, these frameworks face anumber of legal challenges and their validity remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments in both Europe and the U.S. Thepotential invalidation of data transfer mechanisms could have a significant adverse impact on our ability to process and transfer personal dataoutside of the EEA.These developments create some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur costs or harm the operations of our productsand services in ways that harm our business.We face, and may continue to face intellectual property and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significant damageawards or other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.We, like other internet, technology and media companies, hold large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and arefrequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent-holdingcompanies may frequently seek to generate income from patents they have obtained by bringing claims against us. As we have grown, the numberof intellectual property claims against us has increased and may continue to increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies.We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Other parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us by filingclaims in U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders, which couldlimit our ability to sell our products or services in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found toinfringe the intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of monetary damages, costlyroyalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, orservices. They may also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringing products, services, or technologies,which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business.Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to defend against certain intellectual propertyinfringement claims and in some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result inincreased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customers and partnersmay also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss ofrevenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, when obtainable, may notcover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers arising from intellectual property17Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.infringement claims. Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification forcertain potential liabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims.Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. To the extent such claimsare successful, they may harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, or operating results.Risks Related to Ownership of our StockWe cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that any share repurchase program willenhance long-term stockholder value, and share repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our stock and could diminish ourcash reserves.In January 2018, January 2019, and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $8.6 billion,$12.5 billion, and $25.0 billion of its Class C capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2018 and January 2019authorizations were completed in 2019. As of December 31, 2019, $20.8 billion remains available for repurchase. Our repurchase program does nothave an expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Ourshare repurchase program could affect the price of our stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which mayresult in a decrease in the trading price of our stock.The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A common stock has one vote per share, and our Class C capital stock has novoting rights. As of December 31, 2019, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 84.3% of our outstanding Class B commonstock, which represented approximately 51.2% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership, Larry andSergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporatetransactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because our Class C capital stockcarries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C capital stock, including in future stock-based acquisitiontransactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey’s current relative voting power and their ability toelect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. This concentrated control limits orseverely restricts other stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and we may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view asbeneficial, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock.Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.Provisions in Alphabet’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes inour management. These provisions include the following:•Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry and Sergey have significantinfluence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as amerger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger,takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As noted above, the issuance of the Class Ccapital stock could have the effect of continuing the influence of Larry and Sergey.•Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation,death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors.•Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not beable to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.•Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to electdirector candidates.•Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can beacted upon at a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation ofproxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.18Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignatedpreferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that couldimpede the success of any attempt to acquire us.As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may notengage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three yearsor, among other things, the board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay anacquisition of us.General RisksOur operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short ofexpectations.Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control. As a result, comparing our operating resultson a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Ourquarterly, year-to-date, and annual expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical rates. Our operating resultsin future quarters may fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed in this section inaddition to the following factors may affect our operating results:•Our ability to continue to attract and retain users and customers to our products and services.•Our ability to attract user and/or customer adoption of, and generate significant revenues from, new products, services, and technologies inwhich we have invested considerable time and resources.•Our ability to monetize traffic on Google properties and our Google Network Members' properties across various devices.•Revenue fluctuations caused by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and propertymix.•The amount of revenues and expenses generated and incurred in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and our ability to manage the resultingrisk through our foreign exchange risk management program.•The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of ourbusinesses, operations, and infrastructure.•Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results.•The results of our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, andtechnologies.•Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions.•The seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality. Ourrapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality andseasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate.•Geopolitical events, including trade disputes.•Changes in global business or macroeconomic conditions.Because our businesses are changing and evolving, our historical operating results may not be useful to you in predicting our future operatingresults.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequencesthat may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and thesetransactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussionsregarding a wide array of potential strategic transactions, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some of the areaswhere we face risks include:•Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategic transactions.•Failure to successfully integrate and further develop the acquired business or technology.19Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company.•Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product,engineering, and sales and marketing functions.•Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.•Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval that could,among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial orstrategic goals of a transaction.•In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particulareconomic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.•Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employeesfrom the businesses we acquire.•Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data privacy andsecurity issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.•Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, formerstockholders, or other third parties.Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategictransactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any ofwhich could harm our financial condition or operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions and other strategictransactions may not materialize. In connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification forcertain potential liabilities, which may harm our financial condition or operating results.If we were to lose the services of key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. For instance, SundarPichai is critical to the overall management of Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays an important role in the development of our technology. Healso plays a key role in maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-willemployees, and we do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business.We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintainour corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our future success depends on our continuing ability toidentify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in our industry for qualifiedemployees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as ourequity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. Ourcontinued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate our existing employees.In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows, and we are requiredto implement more complex organizational management structures, particularly in light of our holding company structure, adverse changes to ourcorporate culture could harm our business operations.In preparing our financial statements, we incorporate valuation methodologies that are subjective in nature and valuations mayfluctuate over time.We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awardssettled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.The determination of fair value involves use of appropriate valuation methods and certain unobservable inputs, require management judgment andestimation, and may change over time.20Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.As it relates to our non-marketable investments, the market values can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses,performance and financial results of the underlying companies, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, including changes that may resultfrom the implementation of new benchmark rates that replace LIBOR, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, or otherfactors.Since January 2018, we adjust the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments to fair value for observable transactions of identicalor similar investments of the same issuer or for impairments. All gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, arerecognized in other income (expense), which increases the volatility of our other income (expense).As a result of these factors, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents, as well as our marketable and non-marketable securities coulddecline and result in a material impairment, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional taxliabilities.Our future income taxes could be negatively affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax ratesand higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certainhedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in the valuation ofour deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles (including changes in the interpretation of existinglaws), as well as certain discrete items.In addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and may inthe future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions, including in Europe, on various tax-related assertions, such as transfer-pricing adjustmentsor permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results andfinancial condition and could require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. It may also subject us to additionallitigation and regulatory inquiries, resulting in the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, the determination of our worldwideprovision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations for which theultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amountsrecorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significantchanges in ways that impair our financial results. In particular, France, Italy, and other countries have enacted or are considering digital servicestaxes, which could lead to inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The Organization for Economic Cooperation andDevelopment recently released a proposal relating to its initiative for modernizing international tax rules, with the goal of having different countriesenact legislation to implement a modernized and aligned international tax framework, but there can be no guarantee that this will occur.The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to be volatile.The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. For example, from January 1,2019 through December 31, 2019, the closing price of our Class A common stock ranged from $1,025.47 per share to $1,362.47 per share, and theclosing price of our Class C capital stock ranged from $1,016.06 to $1,361.17 per share.In addition to the factors discussed in this report, the trading price of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock may fluctuate widelyin response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others:•Quarterly variations in our operating results or those of our competitors.•Announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercialrelationships, or capital commitments.•Recommendations by securities analysts or changes in earnings estimates.•Announcements about our earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced because it is our policy notto give guidance on earnings.•Announcements by our competitors of their earnings that are not in line with analyst expectations.21Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results,regardless of its accuracy.•The volume of shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock available for public sale.•Sales of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers,and other employees).•Short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock.•The perceived values of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock relative to one another.•Any share repurchase program.In addition, the stock market in general, which can be affected by various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, and themarket for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated ordisproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock, regardless ofour actual operating performance.ITEM 1B.UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTSNot applicable.ITEM 2.PROPERTIESOur headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We also own and lease office and building space in the surrounding areas near ourheadquarters, which we believe is sufficient to accommodate anticipated future growth. In addition, we own and lease office/building space andresearch and development sites around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. We own and operate data centersin the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for theconduct of our business.ITEM 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSFor a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Note 10 “Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters” of theNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 4.MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURESNot applicable.22Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIITEM 5.MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OFEQUITY SECURITIESAs of October 2, 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer of Google Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. OurClass A common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol"GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B common stock is neither listed nortraded. Our Class C capital stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since April 3, 2014.Holders of RecordAs of December 31, 2019, there were approximately 2,455 and 2,030 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and Class C capitalstock, respectively. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock are held by brokers and other institutions onbehalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December 31, 2019,there were approximately 66 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.Dividend PolicyWe have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for thelong term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form of capital return tostockholders.Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesThe following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class C capital stock during the quarter endedDecember 31, 2019:Period Total Number of SharesPurchased (in thousands) (1) Average Price Paid perShare (2) Total Number of SharesPurchased as Part ofPublicly AnnouncedPrograms (in thousands) (1) Approximate Dollar Value ofShares that May Yet BePurchased Under theProgram (in millions)October 1 - 31 1,970 $1,229.02 1,970 $24,470November 1 - 30 1,626 $1,304.00 1,626 $22,350December 1 - 31 1,164 $1,337.16 1,164 $20,793Total 4,760  4,760  (1) In January and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $12.5 billion and $25.0 billion of itsClass C capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2019 authorization were completed during the fourth quarter of 2019. Therepurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through openmarket purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionalinformation related to share repurchases.(2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.23Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Stock Performance GraphsThe graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on common stock with the cumulative totalreturns of the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2019. Thereturns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS A COMMON STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2014 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright© 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.24Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on capital stock with the cumulative total returnsof the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100investment in our Class C capital stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2014 to December 31, 2019.The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS C CAPITAL STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2014 in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright© 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.25Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 6.SELECTED FINANCIAL DATAThe following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8 “FinancialStatements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results to beexpected in any future period. Year Ended December 31, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019           (in millions, except per share amounts)Consolidated Statements of Income Data:Revenues$74,989 $90,272 $110,855 $136,819 $161,857Income from operations$19,360 $23,737 $26,178 $27,524 $34,231Net income$16,348 $19,478 $12,662 $30,736 $34,343          Basic net income per share of Class A and Bcommon stock$23.11 $28.32 $18.27 $44.22 $49.59Basic net income per share of Class C capital stock$24.63 $28.32 $18.27 $44.22 $49.59Diluted net income per share of Class A and Bcommon stock$22.84 $27.85 $18.00 $43.70 $49.16Diluted net income per share of Class C capitalstock$24.34 $27.85 $18.00 $43.70 $49.16 As of December 31, 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019           (in millions)Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities$73,066 $86,333 $101,871 $109,140 $119,675Total assets$147,461 $167,497 $197,295 $232,792 $275,909Total long-term liabilities$7,820 $11,705 $20,610 $20,544 $29,246Total stockholders’ equity$120,331 $139,036 $152,502 $177,628 $201,44226Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSPlease read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financialstatements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.We have omitted discussion of 2017 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2018Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended.Trends in Our BusinessThe following trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affect our futureresults:•Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenuegrowth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.•Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertising revenuesare increasingly coming from new formats.Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities, such as smartphones, wearables and smart home devices, and wantto feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of these trends inorder to maintain and grow our business.We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats, and the marginsfrom the advertising revenues from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search.Additionally, as the market for a particular device type or modality matures our revenues may be affected. For example, growth in the globalsmartphone market has slowed due to various factors, including increased market saturation in developed countries, which can affect our mobileadvertising revenue growth rates.We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners to increase as our revenues grow and to be affected by changes in device mix; geographicmix; partner mix; partner agreement terms; and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points.We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins and affect our revenue growth rates.•As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization.As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our productofferings to serve their changing needs. Over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. For example, we have seen an increase inYouTube engagement ads, which monetize at a lower rate than traditional search ads.•As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase andmovements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues.The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets,and we continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has ledto a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be affected by our performancein these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could impact our margins as developing markets initiallymonetize at a lower rate than more mature markets.Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange ratesrelative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, thisprogram does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.27Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•The portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing and may affect margins.Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our users throughproducts and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, we currently derivenon-advertising revenues primarily from sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees,including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription and other services. The margins on these revenues vary significantly and maybe lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. A number of our Other Bets initiatives are in their initial development stages, and as such,the sources of revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could be volatile.•As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures.We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as wellas in new products and services. In addition, our capital expenditures have grown over the last several years. We expect this trend to continue in thelong term as we invest heavily in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology infrastructure, which includes serversand network equipment.In addition, acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital, and we expect to continue to spend cash on acquisitionsand other investments. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings, as well as expand our expertise in engineeringand other functional areas.•Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees aroundthe globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.Executive Overview of ResultsBelow are our key financial results for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (consolidated unless otherwise noted):•Revenues of $161.9 billion and revenue growth of 18% year over year, constant currency revenue growth of 20% year over year.•Google segment revenues of $160.7 billion with revenue growth of 18% year over year and Other Bets revenues of $659 million withrevenue growth of 11% year over year.•Revenues from the United States, EMEA, APAC, and Other Americas were $74.8 billion, $50.6 billion, $26.9 billion, and $9.0 billion,respectively.•Cost of revenues was $71.9 billion, consisting of TAC of $30.1 billion and other cost of revenues of $41.8 billion. Our TAC as a percentageof advertising revenues (TAC rate) was 22.3%.•Operating expenses (excluding cost of revenues) were $55.7 billion.•Income from operations was $34.2 billion.•Other income (expense), net, was $5.4 billion.•Effective tax rate was 13%.•Net income was $34.3 billion with diluted net income per share of $49.16.•Operating cash flow was $54.5 billion.•Capital expenditures were $23.5 billion.•Number of employees was 118,899 as of December 31, 2019. The majority of new hires during the year were engineers and productmanagers. By product area, the largest headcount additions were in Google Cloud and Search.Information about SegmentsWe operate our business in multiple operating segments. Google is our only reportable segment. None of our other segments meet thequantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed as Other Bets.28Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Our reported segments are:•Google – Google includes our main products such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Search,and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps,in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offeringsand subscription-based products.•Other Bets – Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes Access,Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and X, among others. Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales ofinternet and TV services through Access as well as licensing and R&D services through Verily.RevenuesThe following table presents our revenues by segment and revenue source (in millions). Certain amounts in prior periods have beenreclassified to conform with current period presentation. Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Google Search & other$69,811 $85,296 $98,115YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149Google properties77,96196,451113,264Google Network Members' properties17,616 20,010 21,547Google advertising95,577 116,461 134,811Google Cloud4,056 5,838 8,918Google other(1)10,914 14,063 17,014Google revenues110,547 136,362 160,743Other Bets revenues477 595 659Hedging gains (losses)(169) (138) 455Total revenues$110,855 $136,819 $161,857(1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.Google advertising revenuesOur advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google properties and the change in impressionsand cost-per-impression on Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have been affected and may continue tobe affected by various factors, including:•advertiser competition for keywords;•changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy;•changes in device mix;•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;•fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;•general economic conditions;•seasonality; and•traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining ourgrowth rate as revenues increase to higher levels; changes in our product mix; changes in advertising quality or formats and delivery; the evolutionof the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments in new business strategies; query growth rates; and shifts in the geographicmix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by usersof our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users andadvertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates.29Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents our Google advertising revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Google Search & other$69,811 $85,296 $98,115YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149Google Network Members' properties17,616 20,010 21,547Google advertising$95,577 $116,461 $134,811Google advertising revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues86.5% 85.4% 83.9%(1)    YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.Google advertising revenues are generated on our Google properties (including Google Search & other properties and YouTube) and GoogleNetwork Members’ properties. Google advertising revenues consist primarily of the following:•Google Search & other consists of revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by searchdistribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.) and other Google owned and operatedproperties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;•YouTube ads consists of revenues generated primarily on YouTube properties; and•Google Network Members' properties consist of revenues generated primarily on Google Network Members' properties participating inAdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager.Google Search & otherOur Google Search & other revenues increased $12,819 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by interrelated factorsincluding increases in search queries resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices, continued growth inadvertiser activity, and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. Revenue growth was partially offset by the general strengthening ofthe U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Our Google Search & other revenues increased $15,485 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth was primarily driven by increases in mobilesearch resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, as well as continued growth in advertiser activity. Growth was also driven byimprovements in ad formats and delivery, primarily on desktop. Additionally, revenue growth was favorably affected by the general weakening of theU.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.YouTube adsYouTube ads revenues increased $3,994 million from 2018 to 2019 and increased $3,005 million from 2017 to 2018. The largest contributors tothe growth during both periods were our direct response and brand advertising products, both of which benefited from improvements to ad formatsand delivery and increased advertiser spending.Google Network Members' propertiesOur Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $1,537 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by strength inboth AdManager (included in what was previously referred to as programmatic advertising buying) and AdMob, partially offset by the generalstrengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Our Google Network Members' properties revenues increased $2,394 million from 2017 to 2018, primarily driven by strength in both AdMoband AdManager, offset by a decline in our traditional AdSense businesses. Additionally, the growth was favorably affected by the general weakeningof the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Use of Monetization MetricsPaid clicks for our Google properties represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users related to searches onGoogle.com and other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; and viewed YouTube engagement ads(certain YouTube ad formats are not included in our click or impression based metrics). Impressions for our Google Network Members' propertiesinclude impressions displayed to users served on Google Network Members' properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense and Google AdManager.Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we chargeadvertisers for each engagement by users.30Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions and represents theaverage amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number ofpaid clicks on our Google properties and the number of impressions on Google Network Members’ properties and for identifying the revenuesgenerated by click activity on our Google properties and the revenues generated by impression activity on Google Network Members’ properties.Google propertiesThe following table presents changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Paid clicks change62 % 23 %Cost-per-click change(25)% (7)%The number of paid clicks through our advertising programs on Google properties increased from 2018 to 2019 due to growth in views ofYouTube engagement ads; increase in clicks due to interrelated factors, including an increase in search queries resulting from ongoing growth inuser adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices; continued growth in advertiser activity; and improvements we have made in ad formats anddelivery. The positive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by ouradvertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click was primarily driven by continued growth in YouTube engagement ads where cost-per-click remainslower than on our other advertising platforms. Cost-per-click was also affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes,product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Google Network Members' propertiesThe following table presents changes in our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed as a percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Impressions change2% 9%Cost-per-impression change12% 1%Impressions increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to growth in AdManager. The cost-per-impression was relatively unchanged due to acombination of factors including ongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, changes indevice mix, geographic mix, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Google CloudThe following table presents our Google Cloud revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Google Cloud$4,056 $5,838 $8,918Google Cloud revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues3.7% 4.3% 5.5%Google Cloud revenues consist primarily of revenues from Cloud offerings, including•Google Cloud Platform (GCP), which includes infrastructure, data and analytics, and other services•G Suite productivity tools; and•other enterprise cloud services.Our Google Cloud revenues increased $3,080 million from 2018 to 2019 and increased $1,782 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth duringboth periods was primarily driven by continued strength in our GCP and G Suite offerings. Our infrastructure and our data and analytics platformproducts have been the largest drivers of growth in GCP.31Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Google other revenuesThe following table presents our Google other revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Google other10,914 14,063 17,014Google other revenues as a percentage of Google segment revenues9.9% 10.3% 10.6%Google other revenues consist primarily of revenues from:•Google Play, which includes revenues from sales of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers) anddigital content sold in the Google Play store;•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;•YouTube non-advertising, including YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and•other products and services.Our Google other revenues increased $2,951 million from 2018 to 2019. The growth was primarily driven by Google Play and YouTubesubscriptions.Our Google other revenues increased $3,149 million from 2017 to 2018. The growth was primarily driven by Google Play and hardware.Over time, our growth rate for Google Cloud and Google other revenues may be affected by the seasonality associated with new product andservice launches and market dynamics.Other BetsThe following table presents our Other Bets revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Other Bets revenues$477 $595 $659Other Bets revenues as a percentage of total revenues0.4% 0.4% 0.4%Other Bets revenues consist primarily of revenues from sales of Access internet and TV services and Verily licensing and R&D services.Revenues by GeographyThe following table presents our revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers: Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019United States46% 46%EMEA33% 31%APAC15% 17%Other Americas6% 6%For further details on revenues by geography, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K.Use of Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue GrowthThe effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. Our internationalrevenues are favorably affected as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected as the U.S. dollarstrengthens relative to other foreign currencies. Our revenues are also favorably affected by net hedging gains and unfavorably affected by nethedging losses.We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and asa means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to U.S. GenerallyAccepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve32Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.the ability to understand our performance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operatingresults.Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We defineconstant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use it todetermine the constant currency revenue growth on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current periodrevenues using prior period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.Constant currency revenue growth (expressed as a percentage) is calculated by determining the increase in current period revenues over priorperiod revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging effects are excludedfrom revenues of both periods.These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constantcurrency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure ofperformance presented in accordance with GAAP.33Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents the foreign exchange effect on our international revenues and total revenues (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019EMEA revenues$44,739 $50,645Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates(1,325) 2,397EMEA constant currency revenues$43,414 $53,042Prior period EMEA revenues$36,236 $44,739EMEA revenue growth23% 13%EMEA constant currency revenue growth20% 19%    APAC revenues$21,341 $26,928Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates(49) 388APAC constant currency revenues$21,292 $27,316Prior period APAC revenues$16,192 $21,341APAC revenue growth32% 26%APAC constant currency revenue growth31% 28%    Other Americas revenues$7,608 $8,986Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates404 541Other Americas constant currency revenues$8,012 $9,527Prior period Other Americas revenues$6,147 $7,608Other Americas revenue growth24% 18%Other Americas constant currency revenue growth30% 25%    United States revenues$63,269 $74,843United States revenue growth21% 18%    Hedging gains (losses)(138) 455Total revenues$136,819 $161,857Total constant currency revenues$135,987 $164,728Prior period revenues, excluding hedging effect(1)$111,024 $136,957Total revenue growth23% 18%Total constant currency revenue growth22% 20%(1) Total revenues and hedging gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2017 were $110,855 million and $(169) million, respectively.Our EMEA revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to theU.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Euro and British pound.Our APAC revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates primarily due to theU.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Australian dollar and South Korean won, partially offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative to theJapanese yen.Our Other Americas revenue growth from 2018 to 2019 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily dueto the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Brazilian real and Argentine peso.34Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Costs and ExpensesCost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of TAC which are paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paidto our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobilecarriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.The cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network Members' properties are significantly higherthan the cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google properties because most of the advertiser revenuesfrom ads served on Google Network Members’ properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network Members.Additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distributionon YouTube advertising and subscription services and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generatedor a flat fee);•Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expenses (including stock-basedcompensation (SBC)), depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.The following tables present our cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019TAC$26,726 $30,089Other cost of revenues32,823 41,807Total cost of revenues$59,549 $71,896Total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues43.5% 44.4%Cost of revenues increased $12,347 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was due to increases in other cost of revenues and TAC of$8,984 million and $3,363 million, respectively.The increase in other cost of revenues from 2018 to 2019 was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs. Additionally, therewas an increase in content acquisition costs for YouTube consistent with the growth in YouTube revenues.The increase in TAC from 2018 to 2019 was due to increases in TAC paid to distribution partners and to Google Network Members, primarilydriven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 22.9% to 22.3%, primarily due to the favorable revenue mix shift fromGoogle Network Members' properties to Google properties. The TAC rate on Google properties revenues increased primarily due to the ongoingshift to mobile, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The TAC rate on GoogleNetwork revenues decreased primarily due to changes in product mix to products that carry a lower TAC rate.Over time, cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues may be affected by a number of factors, including the following:•The amount of TAC paid to Google Network Members, which is affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, product mix,revenue share terms, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies;•The amount of TAC paid to distribution partners, which is affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, partner mix, partneragreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;•Relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and Google Network Members' properties;•Costs associated with our data centers and other operations to support ads, Google Cloud, Search, YouTube and other products;•Content acquisition costs, which are primarily affected by the relative growth rates in our YouTube advertising and subscription revenues;•Costs related to hardware sales; and•Increased proportion of non-advertising revenues, which generally have higher costs of revenues, relative to our advertising revenues.35Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Research and DevelopmentThe following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Research and development expenses$21,419 $26,018Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues15.7% 16.1%R&D expenses consist primarily of:•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D of ourexisting and new products and services;•Depreciation expenses;•Equipment-related expenses; and•Professional services fees primarily related to consulting and outsourcing services.R&D expenses increased $4,599 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses(including SBC) and facilities-related costs of $3,519 million, largely resulting from a 23% increase in headcount.Over time, R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by a number of factors including continued investment in ads,Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, machine learning, Other Bets, and Search.Sales and MarketingThe following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Sales and marketing expenses$16,333 $18,464Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues11.9% 11.4%Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:•Advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, andcertain customer service functions.Sales and marketing expenses increased $2,131 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in compensationexpenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs of $1,371 million, largely resulting from a 15% increase in headcount. In addition, there was anincrease in advertising and promotional expenses of $402 million.Over time, sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by a number of factors including the seasonalityassociated with new product and service launches.General and AdministrativeThe following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019General and administrative expenses$6,923 $9,551General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues5.1% 5.9%General and administrative expenses consist primarily of:•Compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs for employees in our finance, human resources, informationtechnology, and legal organizations;•Depreciation expenses;•Equipment-related expenses;•Legal-related expenses; and36Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Professional services fees primarily related to audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.General and administrative expenses increased $2,628 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily due to an increase in legal-related expenses of $1,157 million, including a charge of $554 million from a legal settlement in 2019 and the effect of a legal settlement gainrecorded in 2018. Additionally, there was an increase in compensation expenses (including SBC) and facilities-related costs of $687 million, largelyresulting from a 19% increase in headcount.Performance fees of $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net, for 2018to conform with current period presentation. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K for further details.Over time, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues may be affected by discrete items such as legal settlements.European Commission FinesIn July 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google's Android-related distribution agreements infringed Europeancompetition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine, which was accrued in the second quarter of 2018.In March 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Searchpartners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) fine, which was accrued inthe first quarter of 2019.Please refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K forfurther information.Other Income (Expense), NetThe following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Other income (expense), net$7,389 $5,394Other income (expense), net, as a percentage of revenues5.4% 3.3%Other income (expense), net, decreased $1,995 million from 2018 to 2019. This decrease was primarily driven by a decrease in gains onequity securities, which were $2,649 million in 2019 as compared to $5,460 million in 2018. The majority of the gains in both periods wereunrealized. The effect of the decrease in gains on equity securities was partially offset by a decrease in performance fees. The decrease in otherincome (expense) was also driven by a decrease in gains on debt securities primarily due to an unrealized gain recognized in 2018 resulting fromthe modification of the terms of a non-marketable debt security.Performance fees of $1,203 million have been reclassified from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net, for 2018to conform with current period presentation. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K for further details.Over time, other income (expense), net, as a percentage of revenues may be affected by market dynamics and other factors. Equity valuesgenerally change daily for marketable equity securities and upon the occurrence of observable price changes or upon impairment of non-marketableequity securities. In addition, volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant change in the value of ourequity securities. Fluctuations in the value of these investments has, and we expect will continue to, contribute to volatility of OI&E in future periods.For additional information about equity investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II,Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.37Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Provision for Income TaxesThe following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions) and effective tax rate: Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Provision for income taxes$4,177 $5,282Effective tax rate12.0% 13.3%Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2018 to 2019, due to discrete events in 2018 and 2019. In 2018, wereleased our deferred tax asset valuation allowance related to gains on equity securities and recognized the benefits of the U.S. Tax Cuts and JobsAct ("Tax Act"). In 2019, we recognized an increase in discrete benefits related to the resolution of multi-year audits, partially offset by the reversal ofAltera tax benefit as a result of the U.S. Court of Appeals decision. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in PartII, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.As of December 31, 2019, we have simplified our corporate legal entity structure and now license intellectual property from the U.S. that waspreviously licensed from Bermuda. This will affect our geographic mix of earnings.We expect our future effective tax rate to be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in countries with different statutory rates. Additionally,our future effective tax rate may be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws, regulations,or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.38Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Quarterly Results of OperationsThe following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements andrelated notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as ouraudited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any future quarters or fora full year.The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2019. This table includesall adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our consolidated financialposition and operating results for the quarters presented. Seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying businesstrends such as traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business.Commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue tocause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. Quarter Ended Mar 31, 2018Jun 30, 2018Sept 30, 2018Dec 31, 2018 Mar 31, 2019 Jun 30, 2019 Sept 30, 2019 Dec 31, 2019                 (In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited)Consolidated Statements of Income Data:        Revenues$31,146 $32,657 $33,740 $39,276 $36,339 $38,944 $40,499 $46,075Costs and expenses:               Cost of revenues13,467 13,883 14,281 17,918 16,012 17,296 17,568 21,020Research and development5,039 5,114 5,232 6,034 6,029 6,213 6,554 7,222Sales and marketing3,604 3,780 3,849 5,100 3,905 4,212 4,609 5,738General and administrative1,403 1,764 1,753 2,003 2,088 2,043 2,591 2,829European Commission fines0 5,071 0 0 1,697 0 0 0Total costs and expenses23,513 29,612 25,115 31,055 29,731 29,764 31,322 36,809Income from operations7,633 3,045 8,625 8,221 6,608 9,180 9,177 9,266Other income (expense), net2,910 1,170 1,458 1,851 1,538 2,967 (549) 1,438Income from continuing operations beforeincome taxes10,543 4,215 10,083 10,072 8,146 12,147 8,628 10,704Provision for income taxes1,142 1,020 891 1,124 1,489 2,200 1,560 33Net income$9,401 $3,195 $9,192 $8,948 $6,657 $9,947 $7,068 $10,671                Basic net income per share of Class A and Bcommon stock and Class C capital stock$13.53 $4.60 $13.21 $12.87 $9.58 $14.33 $10.20 $15.49Diluted net income per share of Class A andB common stock and Class C capital stock$13.33 $4.54 $13.06 $12.77 $9.50 $14.21 $10.12 $15.35Capital Resources and LiquidityAs of December 31, 2019, we had $119.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketablesecurities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed andasset-backed securities and marketable equity securities.As of December 31, 2019, we had long-term taxes payable of $7.3 billion related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of theTax Act. As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through 2025.In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and imposedfines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20,2019), respectively. While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on ourConsolidated Balance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.39Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.In November 2019, we entered into an agreement to acquire Fitbit, a leading wearables brand, for $7.35 per share, representing a totalpurchase price of approximately $2.1 billion as of the date of the agreement. The acquisition of Fitbit is expected to be completed in 2020, subject tocustomary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals.Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from ouroperations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capitalstructure, including the size, pace and form of capital return to stockholders.We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this programare used for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2019. We have $4.0 billion of revolvingcredit facilities expiring in July 2023 with no amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2019. The interest rate for the credit facilities is determinedbased on a formula using certain market rates. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cashrequirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least thenext 12 months.As of December 31, 2019, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 with a total carrying value of $4.0 billion.As of December 31, 2019, we had remaining authorization of $20.8 billion for repurchase of Class C capital stock. The repurchases are beingexecuted from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchasesor privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. Please refer toNote 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional informationrelated to share repurchases.We continue to make significant investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructurethrough purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our business. During the year endedDecember 31, 2019, we spent $23.5 billion on capital expenditures and recognized total operating lease assets of $4.4 billion. As of December 31,2019, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10 years, was $13.9billion. Finance leases were not material for the year ended December 31, 2019. Please refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated FinancialStatements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the leases.The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Net cash provided by operating activities$47,971 $54,520Net cash used in investing activities$(28,504) $(29,491)Net cash used in financing activities$(13,179) $(23,209)Cash Provided by Operating ActivitiesOur largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by Google properties and Google NetworkMembers' properties. Additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensingand service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google Network Members and distribution partners, andpayments for content acquisition costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include compensation and related costs, hardwareinventory costs, other general corporate expenditures, and income taxes.Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to increases in cash received from revenues, offset byincreases in cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses.Cash Used in Investing ActivitiesCash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of our investments in marketable and non-marketable securities.Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of property and40Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.equipment, which primarily includes our investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology infrastructure toprovide capacity for the growth of our businesses; purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments for acquisitions.Net cash used in investing activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to a net increase in purchases of securities and an increase inpayments for acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease in payments for purchases of property and equipment. The decrease in purchases ofproperty and equipment was driven by decreases in purchases of servers as well as land and buildings for offices, partially offset by an increase indata center construction.Cash Used in Financing ActivitiesCash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from sale of interest in consolidatedentities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of net payments related to stock-based award activities, repurchases of capital stock, andrepayments of debt.Net cash used in financing activities increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to an increase in cash payments for repurchases of capitalstock and a decrease in proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities.Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2019The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2019 (in millions): Payments Due By Period Total Less than1 year 1-3years 3-5years More than5 yearsOperating lease obligations(1)$13,854 $1,757 $3,525 $2,809 $5,763Obligations for leases that have not yet commenced(1)7,418 249 850 1,314 5,005Purchase obligations(2)5,660 4,212 933 202 313Long-term debt obligations(3)5,288 227 1,258 1,224 2,579Tax payable(4)7,315 0 1,166 3,661 2,488Other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet(5)1,484 245 643 367 229Total contractual obligations$41,019 $6,690 $8,375 $9,577 $16,377(1) For further information, refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(2) Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to information technology assets and data center operation costs; purchases ofinventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. The amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or theminimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantitiesand/or pricing as of December 31, 2019. Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations.(3) Represents our principal and interest payments. For further information on long-term debt, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated FinancialStatements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.(4) Represents one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the Tax Act. For further information, refer to Note 14 of the Notes to ConsolidatedFinancial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable of $2.6billion as of December 31, 2019 primarily related to uncertain tax positions, for which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing ofpayments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes.(5) Represents cash obligations recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities, primarily for theconstruction of offices and certain commercial agreements. These amounts do not include the EC fines which are classified as current liabilities on ourConsolidated Balance Sheets. For further information regarding the EC fines, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements includedin Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Off-Balance Sheet ArrangementsAs of December 31, 2019, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, that have orare reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, or expenses, results ofoperations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors.41Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesWe prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions thataffect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets andliabilities. In some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the accountingestimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the extentthat there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. Webase our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate theseestimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discuss furtherbelow. We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors.Please see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary ofsignificant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements.RevenuesFor the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenues on a gross basis, or an agent,and report revenues on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they aretransferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion inestablishing price.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positionsand determining our provision for income taxes.Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome ofthese matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or therefinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences willaffect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as therelated net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal RevenueServices (IRS) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resultingfrom these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.Loss ContingenciesWe are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and antitrust, intellectualproperty, privacy, consumer protection, non-income taxes, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods andservices offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Certain of these matters include speculative claims forsubstantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and theamount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclosethe possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued,and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significantjudgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to such matters. Until the finalresolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material. Should any ofour estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on our business, consolidated financialposition, results of operations, or cash flows.Long-lived AssetsLong-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed forimpairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluation isperformed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimatedundiscounted future cash flows generated42Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount ofthe asset group over its fair value.Fair Value MeasurementsWe measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awardssettled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.The determination of fair value involves the use of appropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into valuation models. The fair value hierarchyprioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value whereby it gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identicalassets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. We maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use ofunobservable inputs. Our use of unobservable inputs reflects the assumptions that market participants would use and may include our own dataadjusted based on reasonably available information. We apply judgment in assessing the relevance of observable market data to determine thepriority of inputs under the fair value hierarchy, particularly in situations where there is very little or no market activity.In determining the fair values of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, as well as assets acquired (especially with respect tointangible assets) and liabilities assumed in business combinations, we make significant estimates and assumptions, some of which include the useof unobservable inputs.Certain stock-based compensation awards may be settled in the stock of certain of our Other Bets or in cash. These awards are based on theequity values of the respective Other Bet, which requires use of unobservable inputs.We also have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns, i.e. performance fees. We recognizecompensation expense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized, and mayrequire the use of unobservable inputs.Non-marketable Equity SecuritiesOur non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either at fair value or under the measurementalternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting fromobservable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. Determining whether an observedtransaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and obligations of the securities. Recording upward anddownward adjustments to the carrying value of our equity securities as a result of observable price changes requires quantitative assessments of thefair value of our securities using various valuation methodologies and involves the use of estimates.Non-marketable equity securities are also subject to periodic impairment reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers both qualitativeand quantitative factors that may have a significant effect on the investment's fair value. Qualitative factors considered include industry and marketconditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevant events and factors. When indicators of impairment exist, we preparequantitative assessments of the fair value of our equity investments using both the market and income approaches which require judgment and theuse of estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data of private and public companies, amongothers. When our assessment indicates that an impairment exists, we measure our non-marketable securities at fair value.ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKWe are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks.Foreign Currency Exchange RiskWe transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenues, as well as costs and expenses denominated in foreigncurrencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged included theAustralian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. For the purpose of analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, weconsidered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that adverse changes inexchange rates of 10% could be experienced in the near term.We use foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies otherthan the local currency of the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange ratemovements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign43Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.currency gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in other income (expense), net, which are offset by the gains and losses on theforward contracts.If an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to total monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies otherthan the local currencies at the balance sheet dates, it would have resulted in an adverse effect on income before income taxes of approximately $1million and $8 million as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The adverse effect as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 is after considerationof the offsetting effect of approximately $374 million and $662 million, respectively, from foreign exchange contracts in place for the years endedDecember 31, 2018 and 2019.We use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased andwritten options) to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollarstrengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When the U.S. dollarweakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These hedging contractsreduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges foraccounting purposes. We reflect the gains or losses of foreign currency spot rate changes as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassifythem into revenues to offset the hedged exposures as they occur.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchangecontracts before tax effect would have been approximately $772 million and $1.1 billion lower as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. Thechange in the value recorded in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency change in forecasted hedged revenues whenrecognized.We use foreign exchange forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investmentin foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related to our net investmenthedge would have been approximately $635 million and $936 million lower as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively. The change in valuerecorded in CTA would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our investment in foreign subsidiaries.Interest Rate RiskOur Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We investprimarily in debt securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, moneymarket and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreign governments. By policy,we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry adegree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating ratesecurities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains or losses on our marketable debt securities are primarilydue to interest rate fluctuations as a result of higher market interest rates compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. We account for bothfixed and variable rate securities at fair value with gains and losses recorded in AOCI until the securities are sold.We use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our marketable debtsecurity portfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adverse movementsin interest rates. We use a variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss in fair value of our marketabledebt securities as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 are shown below (in millions): As of December 31, 12-Month AverageAs of December 31, 2018 2019 2018 2019Risk Category - Interest Rate$58 $104 $66 $90Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analysesperformed as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes in interestrates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation.44Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Equity Investment RiskOur marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce orincrease the fair value of our holdings.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately heldcompanies, some of which are in the startup or development stages.We record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable marketvalues, of which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject to market price volatility, and represent $3.3 billion of our investments as ofDecember 31, 2019. A hypothetical adverse price change of 10%, which could be experienced in the near term, would decrease the fair value of ourmarketable equity securities by $330 million.Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted to fair value for observable transactions foridentical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). The fair value is measured at the timeof the observable transaction, which is not necessarily an indication of the current fair value as of the balance sheet date. These investments,especially those that are in the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies or products these companies have under developmentare typically in the early phases and may never materialize and they may experience a decline in financial condition, which could result in a loss of asubstantial part of our investment in these companies. The success of our investment in any private company is also typically dependent on thelikelihood of our ability to realize appreciation in the value of our investments through liquidity events such as public offerings, acquisitions, privatesales or other favorable market events. As of December 31, 2019, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities, which were accountedfor under the measurement alternative, was $11.4 billion. Valuations of our equity investments in private companies are inherently more complexdue to the lack of readily available market data. Volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant impairmentcharge on our non-marketable equity securities.The carrying values of our equity method investments generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes, however these investmentscould be impaired if the carrying value exceeds the fair value.For further information about our equity investments, please refer to Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.45Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAAlphabet Inc.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   PageReports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm47Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets50Consolidated Statements of Income51Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income52Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity53Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows54Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements55The supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 is included in Item 7 under the caption “Quarterly Results of Operations.”46Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, therelated consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the periodended December 31, 2019, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the“financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company atDecember 31, 2018 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,2019, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), theCompany's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in Internal Control—IntegratedFramework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 3,2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Adoption of New Accounting StandardAs discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for the recognition, measurement,presentation and disclosure of certain equity securities in the year ended December 31, 2018.Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’sfinancial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent withrespect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities andExchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit toobtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our auditsincluded performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, andperforming procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts anddisclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made bymanagement, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for ouropinion.Critical Audit MatterThe critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that wascommunicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to thefinancial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matterdoes not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matterbelow, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.47Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Loss ContingenciesDescription of theMatterThe Company is regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectualproperty, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by its users,goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using their platforms, and other matters. As described in Note 10 tothe financial statements “Commitments and Contingencies” such claims could result in adverse consequences.Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood, and the estimated amount, of a loss related to suchmatters. Auditing management’s accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies from these matters involvedchallenging and subjective auditor judgement in assessing the Company’s evaluation of the probability of a loss, and theestimated amount or range of loss.How We Addressedthe Matter in Our AuditWe tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management’s accounting for and disclosure of thesematters. This included controls over management’s assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss and whether theloss or range of loss was reasonably estimable and the development of related disclosures.Our audit procedures included gaining an understanding of previous rulings issued by regulators and the status of ongoinglawsuits, reviewing letters addressing the matters from internal and external legal counsel, meeting with internal legalcounsel to discuss the allegations, and obtaining a representation letter from management on these matters. We alsoevaluated the Company’s disclosures in relation to these matters./s/ Ernst & Young LLP   We have served as the Company's auditor since 1999.   San Jose, California February 3, 2020 48Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe have audited Alphabet Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, based on criteria established in InternalControl-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSOcriteria). In our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as ofDecember 31, 2019, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the2019 consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 3, 2020 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThe Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of theeffectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over FinancialReporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a publicaccounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federalsecurities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other proceduresas we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial ReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financialreporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Acompany’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, inreasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance thattransactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of thecompany; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of thecompany’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of anyevaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or thatthe degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ Ernst & Young LLP   San Jose, California February 3, 2020 49Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and par value per share amounts) As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019Assets   Current assets:   Cash and cash equivalents$16,701 $18,498Marketable securities92,439 101,177Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities109,140 119,675Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $729 and $75320,838 25,326Income taxes receivable, net355 2,166Inventory1,107 999Other current assets4,236 4,412Total current assets135,676 152,578Non-marketable investments13,859 13,078Deferred income taxes737 721Property and equipment, net59,719 73,646Operating lease assets0 10,941Intangible assets, net2,220 1,979Goodwill17,888 20,624Other non-current assets2,693 2,342Total assets$232,792 $275,909Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity   Current liabilities:   Accounts payable$4,378 $5,561Accrued compensation and benefits6,839 8,495Accrued expenses and other current liabilities16,958 23,067Accrued revenue share4,592 5,916Deferred revenue1,784 1,908Income taxes payable, net69 274Total current liabilities34,620 45,221Long-term debt4,012 4,554Deferred revenue, non-current396 358Income taxes payable, non-current11,327 9,885Deferred income taxes1,264 1,701Operating lease liabilities0 10,214Other long-term liabilities3,545 2,534Total liabilities55,164 74,467Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders’ equity:   Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; noshares issued and outstanding0 0Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock and additional paid-in capital,$0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class A 9,000,000, Class B3,000,000, Class C 3,000,000); 695,556 (Class A 299,242, Class B 46,636, Class C 349,678)and 688,335 (Class A 299,828, Class B 46,441, Class C 342,066) shares issued andoutstanding45,049 50,552Accumulated other comprehensive loss(2,306) (1,232)Retained earnings134,885 152,122Total stockholders’ equity177,628 201,442Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity$232,792 $275,909See accompanying notes.50Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Revenues$110,855 $136,819 $161,857Costs and expenses:     Cost of revenues45,583 59,549 71,896Research and development16,625 21,419 26,018Sales and marketing12,893 16,333 18,464General and administrative6,840 6,923 9,551European Commission fines2,736 5,071 1,697Total costs and expenses84,677 109,295 127,626Income from operations26,178 27,524 34,231Other income (expense), net1,015 7,389 5,394Income before income taxes27,193 34,913 39,625Provision for income taxes14,531 4,177 5,282Net income$12,662 $30,736 $34,343      Basic net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$18.27 $44.22 $49.59Diluted net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$18.00 $43.70 $49.16See accompanying notes.51Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Net income$12,662 $30,736 $34,343Other comprehensive income (loss):     Change in foreign currency translation adjustment1,543 (781) (119)Available-for-sale investments:     Change in net unrealized gains (losses)307 88 1,611Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income105 (911) (111)Net change (net of tax effect of $0, $156, and $221)412 (823) 1,500Cash flow hedges:     Change in net unrealized gains (losses)(638) 290 22Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income93 98 (299)Net change (net of tax effect of $247, $103, and $42)(545)388 (277)Other comprehensive income (loss)1,410 (1,216) 1,104Comprehensive income$14,072 $29,520 $35,447See accompanying notes.52Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) Class A and Class BCommon Stock, Class C Capital StockandAdditional Paid-In Capital AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome (Loss) RetainedEarnings TotalStockholders’Equity Shares     Amount     Balance as of December 31, 2016691,293 $36,307 $(2,402) $105,131 $139,036Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 0 (15) (15)Common and capital stock issued8,652 212 0 0 212Stock-based compensation expense0 7,694 0 0 7,694Tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units0 (4,373) 0 0 (4,373)Repurchases of capital stock(5,162) (315) 0 (4,531) (4,846)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 722 0 0 722Net income0 0 0 12,662 12,662Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,410 0 1,410Balance as of December 31, 2017694,783 40,247 (992) 113,247 152,502Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (98) (599) (697)Common and capital stock issued8,975 148 0 0 148Stock-based compensation expense0 9,353 0 0 9,353Tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units and other0 (4,782) 0 0 (4,782)Repurchases of capital stock(8,202) (576) 0 (8,499) (9,075)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 659 0 0 659Net income0 0 0 30,736 30,736Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 (1,216) 0 (1,216)Balance as of December 31, 2018695,556 45,049 (2,306) 134,885 177,628Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30) (4) (34)Common and capital stock issued8,120 202 0 0 202Stock-based compensation expense0 10,890 0 0 10,890Tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units and other0 (4,455) 0 0 (4,455)Repurchases of capital stock(15,341) (1,294) 0 (17,102) (18,396)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 160 0 0 160Net income0 0 0 34,343 34,343Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,104 0 1,104Balance as of December 31, 2019688,335 $50,552 $(1,232) $152,122 $201,442See accompanying notes.53Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Operating activities     Net income$12,662 $30,736 $34,343Adjustments:     Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment6,103 8,164 10,856Amortization and impairment of intangible assets812 871 925Stock-based compensation expense7,679 9,353 10,794Deferred income taxes258 778 173(Gain) loss on debt and equity securities, net37 (6,650) (2,798)Other294 (189) (592)Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:     Accounts receivable(3,768) (2,169) (4,340)Income taxes, net8,211 (2,251) (3,128)Other assets(2,164) (1,207) (621)Accounts payable731 1,067 428Accrued expenses and other liabilities4,891 8,614 7,170Accrued revenue share955 483 1,273Deferred revenue390 371 37Net cash provided by operating activities37,091 47,971 54,520Investing activities     Purchases of property and equipment(13,184) (25,139) (23,548)Purchases of marketable securities(92,195) (50,158) (100,315)Maturities and sales of marketable securities73,959 48,507 97,825Purchases of non-marketable investments(1,745) (2,073) (1,932)Maturities and sales of non-marketable investments533 1,752 405Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible assets(287) (1,491) (2,515)Proceeds from collection of notes receivable1,419 0 0Other investing activities99 98 589Net cash used in investing activities(31,401)(28,504) (29,491)Financing activities     Net payments related to stock-based award activities(4,166) (4,993) (4,765)Repurchases of capital stock(4,846) (9,075) (18,396)Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs4,291 6,766 317Repayments of debt(4,377) (6,827) (585)Proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities800 950 220Net cash used in financing activities(8,298) (13,179) (23,209)Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents405 (302) (23)Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents(2,203) 5,986 1,797Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period12,918 10,715 16,701Cash and cash equivalents at end of period$10,715 $16,701 $18,498      Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information     Cash paid for taxes, net of refunds$6,191 $5,671 $8,203See accompanying notes.54Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNote 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsGoogle was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, weimplemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. (Alphabet) became the successor issuer to Google.We generate revenues primarily by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest andvoting models. Noncontrolling interests are not presented separately as the amounts are not material. All intercompany balances and transactionshave been eliminated.Use of EstimatesPreparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP)requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanyingnotes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the baddebt allowance, sales allowances, fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets and goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and propertyand equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking,that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.Revenue RecognitionWe recognize revenues when we transfer control of promised goods or services to our customers in an amount that reflects the considerationto which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.See Note 2 for further discussion on Revenues.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of TAC and other costs of revenues.TAC represents the amounts paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties and amounts paid to ourdistribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers,original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.Other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distributionon YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee);•Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expense (including SBC),depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation primarily consists of Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured at the fairmarket value of the underlying stock at the grant date. We recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisiteservice period and account for forfeitures as they occur.For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the applicable statutory tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of our employees.As a result, fewer shares are issued than the number of RSUs outstanding and the tax withholding is recorded as a reduction to additional paid-incapital.Additionally, stock-based compensation includes stock-based awards, such as performance stock units (PSUs) and awards that may besettled in cash or the stock of certain of our Other Bets. PSUs are equity classified and expense is recognized over the requisite service period.Awards that are liability classified are remeasured at fair value through55Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.settlement or maturity (six months and one day after vesting). The fair value of such awards is based on the equity valuation of the respective OtherBet.Performance FeesWe have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns. We recognize compensation expense based on theestimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized. Performance fees, which are primarily related togains on equity securities, are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, ourrevenues are generated from a multitude of markets in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customerbuying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2017, 2018, or 2019. In 2017, 2018,and 2019, we generated approximately 47%, 46%, and 46% of our revenues, respectively, from customers based in the U.S.We are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchange contracts,and accounts receivable. We manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment of our counterparty creditworthiness, credit limits and useof collateral management.Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debt instruments ofthe U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalities in the U.S.,corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with variousfinancial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customerslocated around the world. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend. We generallydo not require collateral from our customers. We maintain reserves for estimated credit losses and these losses have generally been within ourexpectations.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsOur financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities,derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include non-marketableequity securities, which are adjusted to fair value when observable price changes are identified or when the non-marketable equity securities areimpaired (referred to as the measurement alternative). Other financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost with fair value disclosed, if required.Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transactionbetween market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participantswould use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fairvalue hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.Level 2 - Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments inmarkets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can bederived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a presentvalue using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs whenmeasuring fair value.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest all excess cash primarily in government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, timedeposits, and money market funds.56Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We classify all marketable investments that have stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents andthose with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate suchdesignation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. Afterconsideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these debt securities prior to their statedmaturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12months as current assets under the caption marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, andreport the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for unrealized losses determined to be other-than-temporary, which we record within other income (expense), net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable debtsecurities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net.Non-Marketable InvestmentsWe account for non-marketable equity investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investeeunder the equity method. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under themeasurement alternative in accordance with Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-01, which we adopted on January 1, 2018. Under themeasurement alternative, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions foridentical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determined primarily based on a market approach as of thetransaction date.We account for our non-marketable investments that meet the definition of a debt security as available-for-sale securities.We classify our non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity dates, as non-current assets on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheets.Impairment of InvestmentsWe periodically review our debt and equity investments for impairment. For debt securities we consider the duration, severity and the reasonfor the decline in security value; whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized costbasis; or if the amortized cost basis cannot be recovered as a result of credit losses. If any impairment is considered other-than-temporary, we willwrite down the security to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as other income (expense), net. For equity securities we considerimpairment indicators such as negative changes in industry and market conditions, financial performance, business prospects, and other relevantevents and factors. If indicators exist and the fair value of the security is below the carrying amount, we write down the security to fair value.Variable Interest EntitiesWe determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have othervariable interests in is considered a variable interest entity (VIE). We consolidate VIEs when we are the primary beneficiary. The primary beneficiaryof a VIE is the party that meets both of the following criteria: (1) has the power to make decisions that most significantly affect the economicperformance of the VIE; and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that in either case could potentially be significantto the VIE. Periodically, we assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect our determination of whether the entity isstill a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. If we are not the primary beneficiary in a VIE, we account for the investment or othervariable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP.Accounts ReceivableWe record accounts receivable at the invoiced amount. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reserve for potentially uncollectiblereceivables. We review the accounts receivable by amounts due from customers that are past due to identify specific customers with known disputesor collectability issues. In determining the amount of the reserve, we make judgments about the creditworthiness of significant customers based onongoing credit evaluations.Our payment terms vary by the type and location of our customer and the products or services offered. The term between invoicing and whenpayment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customer types, we require payment before the products or services aredelivered to the customer.57Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.LeasesWe determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Paymentsunder our lease arrangements are primarily fixed. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. We combinefixed payments for non-lease components with lease payments and account for them together as a single lease component which increases theamount of our lease assets and liabilities.Certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease assets and liabilities.These amounts include payments affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on wind or solar production for power purchasearrangements, and payments for maintenance and utilities.Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interestrate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate implicit in ourleases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similarterms and payments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend orterminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base, non-cancelable, lease term whendetermining the lease assets and liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives.Operating lease assets and liabilities are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning January 1, 2019. The current portion of ouroperating lease liabilities is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the long term portion is included in operating leaseliabilities. Finance lease assets are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and othercurrent liabilities or long-term debt.Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment includes the following categories: land and buildings, information technology assets, construction in progress,leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures. Land and buildings include land, offices, data centers and related building improvements.Information technology assets include servers and network equipment. We account for property and equipment at cost less accumulateddepreciation. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. We depreciate buildings overperiods of seven to 25 years. We depreciate information technology assets generally over periods of three to five years (specifically, three years forservers and three to five years for network equipment).We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction inprogress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciationfor equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated.InventoryInventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the first-in,first-out method.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold,leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before therelease of such products and as a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud based applications usedto deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and itis probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing suchsoftware applications were not material for the periods presented.Business CombinationsWe include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of theacquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair58Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-relatedexpenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events or changesin circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carryingamounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets arenot recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. Impairmentswere not material for the periods presented.We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting units whenchanges in our operating structure occur, and if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. We test our goodwill forimpairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Goodwillimpairments were not material for the periods presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize intangible assets on a straight-line basis withdefinite lives generally over periods ranging from one to twelve years.Income TaxesWe account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for thecurrent year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statementsor tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate the realization of ourdeferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than notthat they will not be realized.We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that, based on technical merits, the position will besustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largest amountof benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest and penaltiesrelated to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of thesesubsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI)as a component of stockholders’ equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion of thetransaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in other income (expense), net.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and2019, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $5.1 billion, $6.4 billion, and $6.8 billion, respectively.Recent Accounting PronouncementsRecently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adoptedIn June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 (ASU 2016-13) "FinancialInstruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments", which requires the measurement and recognitionof expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with anexpected loss model which requires the use of forward-looking information to calculate credit loss estimates. It also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities to be recorded through an allowance for creditlosses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities. These changes will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. We willadopt ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2020 with the cumulative effect of adoption recorded as an adjustment to retained earnings. The effect onour consolidated financial statements and related disclosures is not expected to be material.59Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Recently adopted accounting pronouncementsIn February 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02 (Topic 842) "Leases." Topic 842 supersedes the leaserequirements in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 840, "Leases." Under Topic 842, lessees are required to recognize assets and liabilities onthe balance sheet for most leases and provide enhanced disclosures. Leases continue to be classified as either finance or operating. We adoptedTopic 842 effective January 1, 2019. The most significant effects of Topic 842 were the recognition of $8.0 billion of operating lease assets and $8.4billion of operating lease liabilities and the de-recognition of $1.5 billion of build-to-suit assets and liabilities upon adoption. We applied Topic 842 toall leases as of January 1, 2019 with comparative periods continuing to be reported under Topic 840. In the adoption of Topic 842, we carriedforward the assessment from Topic 840 of whether our contracts contain or are leases, the classification of our leases, and remaining lease terms.Our accounting for finance leases remains substantially unchanged. The standard did not have a significant effect on our consolidated results ofoperations or cash flows. See Note 4 for further details.Prior Period ReclassificationsCertain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. Hedging gains (losses), which werepreviously included in Google revenues, are now reported separately as a component of total revenues for all periods presented. See Note 2 forfurther details.Additionally, performance fees have been reclassified for all periods from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), netto align with the presentation of the investment gains and losses on which the performance fees are based. See Note 7 for further details.Note 2. RevenuesRevenue RecognitionRevenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that we expect inexchange for those goods or services. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues.The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type (in millions). Certain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified toconform with current period presentation. Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Google Search & other$69,811 $85,296 $98,115YouTube ads(1)8,150 11,155 15,149Google properties77,961 96,451 113,264Google Network Members' properties17,616 20,010 21,547Google advertising95,577 116,461 134,811Google Cloud4,056 5,838 8,918Google other(1)10,914 14,063 17,014Google revenues110,547 136,362 160,743Other Bets revenues477 595 659Hedging gains (losses)(169) (138) 455Total revenues$110,855 $136,819 $161,857(1) YouTube non-advertising revenues are included in Google other revenues.60Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019United States$52,449 47% $63,269 46% $74,843 46%EMEA(1)36,236 33 44,739 33 50,645 31APAC(1)16,192 15 21,341 15 26,928 17Other Americas(1)6,147 5 7,608 6 8,986 6Hedging gains (losses)(169) 0 (138) 0 455 0Total revenues$110,855 100% $136,819 100% $161,857 100%(1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America (Other Americas).Advertising RevenuesWe generate advertising revenues primarily by delivering advertising on Google properties, including Google.com, the Google Search app,YouTube, Google Play, Gmail and Google Maps; and Google Network Members’ properties.Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads, Google Ad Manager as part of the Authorized Buyersmarketplace, and Google Marketing Platform, among others.We offer advertising on a click, impression or view basis. We recognize revenue each time a user clicks on the ad, when the ad is displayed ora user views the ad.For ads placed on Google Network Members’ properties, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) oragent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). Generally, we report advertising revenues for ads placed on Google Network Members’ properties on agross basis, that is, the amounts billed to our customers are recorded as revenues, and amounts paid to Google Network Members are recorded ascost of revenues. Where we are the principal, we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidencedby our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers, and is further supported by us being primarilyresponsible to our customers and having a level of discretion in establishing pricing.Google Cloud RevenuesGoogle Cloud revenues consist primarily of revenues from Google Cloud Platform (which includes infrastructure and data and analyticsplatform products, and other services), G Suite productivity tools and other enterprise cloud services. Our cloud revenues are provided on either aconsumption or subscription basis. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis is recognized when the customer utilizes theservices, based on the quantity of services consumed. Revenue related to cloud services provided on a subscription basis is recognized ratably overthe contract term as the customer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services.Other RevenuesGoogle other revenues and Other Bets revenues consist primarily of revenues from:•Google Play, which includes revenues from sale of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers) and digitalcontent sold in the Google Play store;•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;•YouTube non-advertising including, YouTube premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and•other products and services.As it relates to Google other revenues, the most significant judgment is determining whether we are the principal or agent for app sales and in-app purchases through the Google Play store. We report revenues from these transactions on a net basis because our performance obligation is tofacilitate a transaction between app developers and end users, for which we earn a commission. Consequently, the portion of the gross amountbilled to end users that is remitted to app developers is not reflected as revenues.Arrangements with Multiple Performance ObligationsOur contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate revenues to eachperformance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine standalone selling prices based on the prices chargedto customers or using expected cost plus margin.61Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Customer Incentives and CreditsCertain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits, which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these amountsbased on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not be significant changes to ourestimates of variable consideration.Deferred RevenuesWe record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which arerefundable. The increase in the deferred revenue balance for the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily driven by cash payments received ordue in advance of satisfying our performance obligations, offset by $1.7 billion of revenues recognized that were included in the deferred revenuebalance as of December 31, 2018.Additionally, we have performance obligations associated with commitments in customer contracts, primarily related to Google Cloud, for futureservices that have not yet been recognized in revenue. This includes related deferred revenue currently recorded and amounts that will be invoicedin future periods. As of December 31, 2019, the amount not yet recognized in revenue from these commitments is $11.4 billion, which reflects ourassessment of relevant contract terms. This amount excludes contracts (i) with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts forwhich we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. We expect to recognize approximately twothirds over the next 24 months with the remaining thereafter. However, the amount and timing of revenue recognition is largely driven by customerutilization, which could impact our estimate of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize such revenues.Sales CommissionsWe generally expense sales commissions when incurred because the amortization period would have been one year or less. These costs arerecorded within sales and marketing expenses.Note 3. Financial InstrumentsDebt SecuritiesWe classify our marketable debt securities within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we use quoted market prices to the extentavailable or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fair value. The following tables summarize our debt securities by significant investment categories as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 AdjustedCost GrossUnrealizedGains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Marketable SecuritiesLevel 2:           Time deposits(1)$2,202 $0 $0 $2,202 $2,202 $0Government bonds53,634 71 (414) 53,291 3,717 49,574Corporate debt securities25,383 15 (316) 25,082 44 25,038Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities16,918 11 (324) 16,605 0 16,605Total$98,137 $97 $(1,054) $97,180 $5,963 $91,21762Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. As of December 31, 2019 AdjustedCost GrossUnrealizedGains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash andCashEquivalents Marketable SecuritiesLevel 2:           Time deposits(1)$2,294 $0 $0 $2,294 $2,294 $0Government bonds55,033 434 (30) 55,437 4,518 50,919Corporate debt securities27,164 337 (3) 27,498 44 27,454Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities19,453 96 (41) 19,508 0 19,508Total$103,944 $867 $(74) $104,737 $6,856 $97,881(1) The majority of our time deposits are domestic deposits.We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. We recognizedgross realized gains of $185 million, $1.3 billion, and $292 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively. Werecognized gross realized losses of $295 million, $143 million, and $143 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019,respectively. We reflect these gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt securities with stated contractual maturity dates,accounted for as available-for-sale securities and classified by the contractual maturity date of the securities (in millions): As of December 31, 2019Due in 1 year$20,392Due in 1 year through 5 years63,151Due in 5 years through 10 years2,671Due after 10 years11,667Total$97,881The following tables present gross unrealized losses and fair values for those investments that were in an unrealized loss position as ofDecember 31, 2018 and 2019, aggregated by investment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous lossposition (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized LossGovernment bonds$12,019 $(85) $23,877 $(329) $35,896 $(414)Corporate debt securities10,171 (107) 11,545 (209) 21,716 (316)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities5,534 (75) 8,519 (249) 14,053 (324)Total$27,724 $(267) $43,941 $(787) $71,665 $(1,054) As of December 31, 2019 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value UnrealizedLoss Fair Value UnrealizedLoss Fair Value Unrealized LossGovernment bonds$6,752 $(20) $4,590 $(10) $11,342 $(30)Corporate debt securities1,665 (2) 978 (1) 2,643 (3)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities4,536 (13) 2,835 (28) 7,371 (41)Total$12,953 $(35) $8,403 $(39) $21,356 $(74)63Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.During the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we did not recognize any significant other-than-temporary impairment losses.Equity InvestmentsThe following discusses our marketable equity securities, non-marketable equity securities, gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securities, as well as our equity securities accounted for under the equity method.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and 2 in the fair valuehierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments inactive markets. All gains and losses on marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, are recognized in other income (expense), net.Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carryingvalue of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the sameissuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). All gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized,are recognized in other income (expense), net. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period are classified withinLevel 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price atthe transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold.Gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesGains and losses reflected in other income (expense), net, for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (inmillions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period$1,458 $(301)Net unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities held as of the end of the period(1)4,002 2,950Total gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net$5,460 $2,649(1) Includes net gains of $4.1 billion and $1.8 billion related to non-marketable equity securities for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019,respectively.In the table above, net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carryingvalue of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Cumulative net gains on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents the total netgains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security. While these net gains may have been reflected in periods prior to theperiod of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic realized gain on the securities sold during theperiod. Cumulative net gains is calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price for the equity security sold duringthe period. Equity Securities Sold During the Year EndedDecember 31, 2018 2019Total sale price$1,965 $3,134Total initial cost515 858Cumulative net gains$1,450 $2,27664Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Carrying value of marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesThe carrying value is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). The carrying values for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 Marketable Securities Non-MarketableSecurities TotalTotal initial cost$1,168 $8,168 $9,336Cumulative net gain(1)54 4,107 4,161Carrying value$1,222 $12,275 $13,497(1) Non-marketable securities cumulative net gain is comprised of $4.3 billion unrealized gains and $178 million unrealized losses (including impairment). As of December 31, 2019 Marketable Securities Non-MarketableSecurities TotalTotal initial cost$1,935 $8,297 $10,232Cumulative net gain(1)1,361 3,056 4,417Carrying value$3,296 $11,353 $14,649(1) Non-marketable securities cumulative net gain is comprised of $3.5 billion unrealized gains and $445 million unrealized losses (including impairment).Marketable equity securitiesThe following table summarizes marketable equity securities measured at fair value by significant investment categories as of December 31,2018 and 2019 (in millions):  As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019  Cash and CashEquivalents Marketable Securities Cash and CashEquivalents Marketable SecuritiesLevel 1:        Money market funds $3,493 $0 $4,604 $0Marketable equity securities(1) 0 994 0 3,046  3,493 994 4,604 3,046Level 2:        Mutual funds 0 228 0 250Total $3,493 $1,222 $4,604 $3,296(1) The balance as of December 31, 2019 includes investments that were reclassified from non-marketable equity securities following the initial public offeringof the issuers.Non-marketable equity securitiesThe following is a summary of unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net, and included as adjustments to thecarrying value of non-marketable equity securities (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2018 2019Unrealized gains$4,285 $2,163Unrealized losses (including impairment)(178) (372)Total unrealized gain (loss) for non-marketable equity securities$4,107 $1,791During the year ended December 31, 2019, included in the $11.4 billion of non-marketable equity securities, $7.6 billion were measured atfair value primarily based on observable market transactions, resulting in a net unrealized gain of $1.8 billion.65Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Equity securities accounted for under the Equity MethodEquity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019.Our share of gains and losses including impairment are included as a component of other income (expense), net, in the Consolidated Statements ofIncome. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.Derivative Financial InstrumentsWe classify our foreign currency and interest rate derivative contracts primarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as the valuation inputsare based on quoted prices and market observable data of similar instruments.We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. We record changes in thefair value (i.e., gains or losses) of the derivatives in the Consolidated Statements of Income as either other income (expense), net, or revenues, or inthe Consolidated Balance Sheets in AOCI, as discussed below. Any components excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness arerecognized in the same income statement line as the hedged item.We enter into foreign currency contracts with financial institutions to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment in foreignsubsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also use interest rate derivative contracts to hedge interestrate exposures on our fixed income securities and debt issuances. Our program is not used for trading or speculative purposes.We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. Tofurther reduce credit risk, we enter into collateral security arrangements under which the counterparty is required to provide collateral when the netfair value of certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. We can take possession of the collateral in the eventof counterparty default. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, we received cash collateral related to the derivative instruments under our collateralsecurity arrangements of $327 million and $252 million, respectively, which was included in other current assets.Cash Flow HedgesWe use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased andwritten options), designated as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S.dollar. The notional principal of these contracts was approximately $11.8 billion and $13.2 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less.For forwards and option contracts, we exclude the change in the forward points and time value from our assessment of hedge effectiveness.The initial value of the excluded component is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument and recognized in revenues.The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is recorded in AOCI. We reflect thegains or losses of a cash flow hedge included in our hedge effective assessment as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassify these gainsand losses to revenues when the hedged transactions are recorded. If the hedged transactions become probable of not occurring, the correspondingamounts in AOCI are immediately reclassified to other income (expense), net.As of December 31, 2019, the net accumulated loss on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $82 million, of which $82million is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next 12 months.Fair Value HedgesWe use forward contracts designated as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated in currencies otherthan the U.S. dollar. We exclude changes in forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. We recognizechanges in the excluded component in other income (expense), net. The notional principal of these contracts was $2.0 billion and $455 million as ofDecember 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.Gains and losses on these forward contracts are recognized in other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses of therelated hedged items.Net Investment HedgesWe use forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreignsubsidiaries. We exclude changes in forward points for the forward contracts from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. We recognize changes inthe excluded component in other income (expense),66Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.net. The notional principal of these contracts was $6.7 billion and $9.3 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019, respectively.Gains and losses on these forward contracts are recognized in AOCI as part of the foreign currency translation adjustment.Other DerivativesOther derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist of foreign currency forward contracts that we use to hedge intercompanytransactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the local currency of a subsidiary. We recognize gains andlosses on these contracts, as well as the related costs in other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetaryassets and liabilities. The notional principal of the outstanding foreign exchange contracts was $20.1 billion and $43.5 billion as of December 31,2018 and 2019, respectively.The fair values of our outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):    As of December 31, 2018   Balance Sheet Location Fair Value of Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Fair Value of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Total Fair ValueDerivative Assets:        Level 2:        Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-currentassets $459 $54 $513Total   $459 $54 $513Derivative Liabilities:        Level 2:        Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current $5 $228 $233Total   $5 $228 $233    As of December 31, 2019   Balance Sheet Location Fair Value of Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments Fair Value of Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments Total Fair ValueDerivative Assets:        Level 2:        Foreign exchange contracts Other current and non-currentassets $91 $253 $344Total   $91 $253 $344Derivative Liabilities:        Level 2:        Foreign exchange contracts Accrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current $173 $196 $369Total   $173 $196 $36967Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income(OCI) are summarized below (in millions):  Gains (Losses) Recognized in OCIon Derivatives Before Tax Effect  Year Ended December 31,  2017 2018 2019Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:      Foreign exchange contracts      Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness $(955) $332 $38Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness 0 26 (14)Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:      Foreign exchange contracts      Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness 0 136 131Total $(955) $494 $155 68Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The effect of derivative instruments on income is summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized in Income Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019 Revenues Other income(expense), net Revenues Other income(expense), net Revenues Other income(expense), netTotal amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income inwhich the effects of cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded$110,855 $1,015 $136,819 $7,389 $161,857 $5,394            Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:           Foreign exchange contracts           Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI to income$(169) $0 $(139) $0 $367 $0Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognizedin earnings based on an amortization approach0 0 1 0 88 0Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 83 0 0 0 0Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationship:           Foreign exchange contracts           Hedged items0 197 0 (96) 0 (19)Derivatives designated as hedging instruments0 (197) 0 96 0 19Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 23 0 37 0 25Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:           Foreign exchange contracts           Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 0 0 78 0 243Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:           Foreign exchange contracts           Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments0 (230) 0 54 0 (413)Total gains (losses)$(169) $(124) $(138) $169 $455 $(145)Offsetting of DerivativesWe present our forwards and purchased options at gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For foreign currency collars, wepresent at net fair values where both purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. Our master netting and other similararrangements allow net settlements under certain conditions. As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, information related to these offsettingarrangements were as follows (in millions):69Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Offsetting of Assets As of December 31, 2018       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, butHave Legal Rights to Offset   Gross Amounts ofRecognized Assets Gross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets Net Presented in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets FinancialInstruments  Cash CollateralReceived Non-CashCollateralReceived Net AssetsExposedDerivatives$569 $(56) $513 $(90)(1) $(307) $(14) $102               As of December 31, 2019       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, butHave Legal Rights to Offset   Gross Amounts ofRecognized Assets Gross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets Net Presented in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets FinancialInstruments Cash CollateralReceived Non-CashCollateralReceived Net AssetsExposedDerivatives$365 $(21) $344 $(88)(1) $(234) $0 $22(1) The balances as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 were related to derivative liabilities which are allowed to be net settled against derivative assets inaccordance with our master netting agreements.Offsetting of Liabilities As of December 31, 2018       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, butHave Legal Rights to Offset   Gross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilities Gross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets Net Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance Sheets FinancialInstruments  Cash CollateralPledged Non-Cash CollateralPledged Net LiabilitiesDerivatives$289 $(56) $233 $(90)(2) $0 $0 $143               As of December 31, 2019       Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, butHave Legal Rights to Offset  Gross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilities Gross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance Sheets Net Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance Sheets FinancialInstruments  Cash CollateralPledged Non-Cash CollateralPledged Net LiabilitiesDerivatives$390 $(21) $369 $(88)(2) $0 $0 $281(2) The balances as of December 31, 2018 and 2019 were related to derivative assets which are allowed to be net settled against derivative liabilities inaccordance with our master netting agreements.Note 4. LeasesWe have entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for data centers, land and offices throughout the world with leaseperiods expiring between 2020 and 2063.Components of operating lease expense were as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2019Operating lease cost$1,820Variable lease cost541Total operating lease cost$2,36170Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2019Cash payments for operating leases$1,661New operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities$4,391As of December 31, 2019, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 10 years and a weighted average discountrate of 2.8%. Future lease payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2019 were as follows (in millions):2020$1,75720211,84520221,68020231,50820241,301Thereafter5,763Total future lease payments13,854Less imputed interest(2,441)Total lease liability balance$11,413As of December 31, 2019, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $7.4 billion, excludingpurchase options, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2020 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.Supplemental Information for Comparative PeriodsAs of December 31, 2018, prior to the adoption of Topic 842, future minimum payments under operating leases having initial or remaining non-cancelable lease terms in excess of one year, net of sublease income amounts, were as follows (in millions): OperatingLeases(1) Sub-lease Income Net OperatingLeases2019$1,319 $16 $1,30320201,397 13 1,38420211,337 10 1,32720221,153 8 1,1452023980 3 977Thereafter3,916 5 3,911Total minimum payments$10,102 $55 $10,047(1)  Includes future minimum payments for leases which have not yet commenced.Rent expense under operating leases was $1.1 billion and $1.3 billion for the years ended December 31, 2017, and 2018, respectively.Note 5. Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)Consolidated VIEsWe consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary because we have thepower to direct activities that most significantly affect their economic performance and have the obligation to absorb the majority of their losses orbenefits. The results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements.For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2018 and2019, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $2.4 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, and the liabilities for whichcreditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $909 million and $1.2 billion, respectively.71Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.CalicoCalico is a life science company with a mission to harness advanced technologies to increase our understanding of the biology that controlslifespan.In September 2014, AbbVie Inc. (AbbVie) and Calico entered into a research and development collaboration agreement intended to help bothcompanies discover, develop, and bring to market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer. Inthe second quarter of 2018, AbbVie and Calico amended the collaboration agreement resulting in an increase in total commitments. As ofDecember 31, 2019, AbbVie has contributed $1,250 million to fund the collaboration pursuant to the agreement. As of December 31, 2019, Calicohas contributed $500 million and has committed up to an additional $750 million.Calico has used its scientific expertise to establish a world-class research and development facility, with a focus on drug discovery and earlydrug development; and AbbVie provides scientific and clinical development support and its commercial expertise to bring new discoveries to market.Both companies share costs and profits for projects covered under this agreement equally. AbbVie's contribution has been recorded as a liability onCalico's financial statements, which is reduced and reflected as a reduction to research and development expense as eligible research anddevelopment costs are incurred by Calico.As of December 31, 2019, we have contributed $480 million to Calico in exchange for Calico convertible preferred units and are committed tofund up to an additional $750 million on an as-needed basis and subject to certain conditions.VerilyVerily is a life science and healthcare company with a mission to make the world's health data useful so that people enjoy healthier lives. InDecember 2018, Verily received $900 million in cash from a $1.0 billion investment round. The remaining $100 million was received in the firstquarter of 2019. As of December 31, 2019, Verily has received an aggregate amount of $1.8 billion from sales of equity securities to externalinvestors. These transactions were accounted for as equity transactions and no gain or loss was recognized.In the fourth quarter of 2019, Verily obtained a controlling financial interest in Onduo, an existing equity method investment. The transactionresulted in a $357 million gain from the revaluation of the previously held economic interest, which was recognized in other income (expense), net.Unconsolidated VIEsCertain of our non-marketable investments, including certain renewable energy investments accounted for under the equity method and certainother investments in private companies, are VIEs. The renewable energy entities' activities involve power generation using renewable sources.Private companies that we invest in are primarily early stage companies.We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly affect theireconomic performance. Therefore, we do not consolidate these VIEs in our consolidated financial statements.The maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs is generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any futurefunding commitments. We have determined that the single source of our exposure to these VIEs is our capital investments in them. The carryingvalue and maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs were not material as of December 31, 2018 and 2019.Note 6. DebtShort-Term DebtWe have a debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used forgeneral corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2018 and 2019.Long-Term DebtGoogle issued $3.0 billion of senior unsecured notes in three tranches (collectively, 2011 Notes) in May 2011, due in 2014, 2016, and 2021, aswell as $1.0 billion of senior unsecured notes (2014 Notes) in February 2014 due in 2024.In April 2016, we completed an exchange offer with eligible holders of Google’s 2011 Notes due 2021 and 2014 Notes due 2024 (collectively,the Google Notes). An aggregate principal amount of approximately $1.7 billion of the Google Notes was exchanged for approximately $1.7 billion ofAlphabet notes with identical interest rate and maturity.72Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Because the exchange was between a parent and the subsidiary company and for substantially identical notes, the change was treated as a debtmodification for accounting purposes with no gain or loss recognized.In August 2016, Alphabet issued $2.0 billion of senior unsecured notes (2016 Notes) due 2026. The net proceeds from the issuance of the2016 Notes were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper. The Alphabet notes due in 2021,2024, and 2026 rank equally with each other and are structurally subordinate to the outstanding Google Notes.The total outstanding long-term debt is summarized below (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 20193.625% Notes due on May 19, 2021$1,000 $1,0003.375% Notes due on February 25, 20241,000 1,0001.998% Notes due on August 15, 20262,000 2,000Unamortized discount for the Notes above(50) (42)Subtotal(1)3,950 3,958Total future finance lease payments62 685Less: imputed interest for finance leases0 (89)Total long-term debt$4,012 $4,554(1)  Includes the outstanding (and unexchanged) Google Notes issued in 2011 and 2014 and the Alphabet notes exchanged in 2016.The effective interest yields based on proceeds received from the outstanding notes due in 2021, 2024, and 2026 were 3.734%, 3.377%, and2.231%, respectively, with interest payable semi-annually. We may redeem these notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemptionprices. The total estimated fair value of all outstanding notes was approximately $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion as of December 31, 2018 and 2019,respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instruments in less active markets and is categorizedaccordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.As of December 31, 2019, the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt including long-term finance leases for each of the nextfive years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):2020 $02021 1,0462022 462023 462024 1,047Thereafter 2,500Total $4,685Credit FacilityAs of December 31, 2019, we have $4.0 billion of revolving credit facilities which expire in July 2023. The interest rate for the credit facilities isdetermined based on a formula using certain market rates. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of December 31, 2018 and2019.73Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 7. Supplemental Financial Statement InformationProperty and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019Land and buildings$30,179 $39,865Information technology assets30,119 36,840Construction in progress16,838 21,036Leasehold improvements5,310 6,310Furniture and fixtures61 156Property and equipment, gross82,507 104,207Less: accumulated depreciation(22,788) (30,561)Property and equipment, net$59,719 $73,646As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, information technology assets and land and buildings under finance leases with a cost basis of $648million and $1.6 billion, respectively, were included in property and equipment.Accrued Expenses and Other Current LiabilitiesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019European Commission fines(1)$7,754 $9,405Accrued customer liabilities1,810 2,245Accrued purchases of property and equipment1,603 2,411Current operating lease liabilities0 1,199Other accrued expenses and current liabilities5,791 7,807Accrued expenses and other current liabilities$16,958 $23,067(1) Includes the effects of foreign exchange and interest. See Note 10 for further details.74Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows (in millions): Foreign CurrencyTranslationAdjustments Unrealized Gains(Losses) on Available-for-Sale Investments Unrealized Gains(Losses) on Cash FlowHedges TotalBalance as of December 31, 2016$(2,646) $(179) $423 $(2,402)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications1,543 307 (638) 1,212Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 105 93 198Other comprehensive income (loss)1,543 412 (545) 1,410Balance as of December 31, 2017(1,103) 233 (122) (992)Cumulative effect of accounting change0 (98) 0 (98)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(781) 88 264 (429)Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 26 26Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (911) 98 (813)Other comprehensive income (loss)(781) (823) 388 (1,216)Balance as of December 31, 2018(1,884) (688) 266 (2,306)Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30) (30)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(119) 1,611 36 1,528Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 (14) (14)Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (111) (299) (410)Other comprehensive income (loss)(119) 1,500 (277) 1,104Balance as of December 31, 2019$(2,003) $812 $(41) $(1,232)The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):   Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI to the ConsolidatedStatements of Income    Year Ended December 31, AOCI Components Location 2017 2018 2019Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investments        Other income (expense), net $(105) $1,190 $149  Benefit (provision) for income taxes 0 (279) (38)  Net of tax (105) 911 111Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges      Foreign exchange contracts Revenue (169) (139) 367Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net 5 6 6  Benefit (provision) for income taxes 71 35 (74)  Net of tax (93) (98) 299Total amount reclassified, net of tax   $(198) $813 $41075Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Other Income (Expense), NetThe components of other income (expense), net, were as follows (in millions):  Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Interest income$1,312 $1,878 $2,427Interest expense(1)(109) (114) (100)Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net (2)(121) (80) 103Gain (loss) on debt securities, net(3)(110) 1,190 149Gain (loss) on equity securities, net73 5,460 2,649Performance fees(4)(32) (1,203) (326)Gain (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net(156) (120) 390Other158 378 102Other income (expense), net$1,015 $7,389 $5,394(1) Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $48 million, $92 million, and $167 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019,respectively.(2) Our foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net, are related to the option premium costs and forwards points for our foreign currency hedging contracts, ourforeign exchange transaction gains and losses from the conversion of the transaction currency to the functional currency, offset by the foreign currencyhedging contract losses and gains. The net foreign currency transaction losses were $226 million, $195 million, and $166 million for the years endedDecember 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively.(3) During the year ended December 31, 2018, the terms of a non-marketable debt security were modified resulting in an unrealized $1.3 billion gain.(4) Performance fees were reclassified for prior periods from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net to conform with currentperiod presentation.Note 8. Acquisitions2019 AcquisitionsLookerIn December 2019, we obtained all regulatory clearances necessary to close the acquisition of Looker, a unified platform for businessintelligence, data applications and embedded analytics for $2.4 billion, with integration pending approval from a UK regulatory review. The additionof Looker to Google Cloud is expected to help customers accelerate how they analyze data, deliver business intelligence, and build data-drivenapplications.The fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded based on a preliminary valuation and our estimates and assumptionsare subject to change within the measurement period. The $2.4 billion purchase price includes our previously held equity interest and excludes postacquisition compensation arrangements. In aggregate, $91 million was cash acquired, $290 million was attributed to intangible assets, $1.9 billion togoodwill and $48 million to net assets acquired. Goodwill was recorded in the Google segment and primarily attributable to synergies expected toarise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.Other AcquisitionsDuring the year ended December 31, 2019, we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets for total consideration ofapproximately $1.0 billion. In aggregate, $28 million was cash acquired, $282 million was attributed to intangible assets, $904 million to goodwill and$185 million to net liabilities assumed. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings and expand our expertise inengineering and other functional areas.Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions, including Looker, have not been presented because they are not material to theconsolidated results of operations, either individually or in the aggregate.For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2019, patents and developed technology have aweighted-average useful life of 3.5 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 6.3 years, and trade names and other havea weighted-average useful life of 4.5 years.Pending Acquisition of FitbitIn November 2019, we entered into an agreement to acquire Fitbit, a leading wearables brand, for $7.35 per share, representing a totalpurchase price of approximately $2.1 billion as of the date of the agreement. The acquisition76Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.of Fitbit is expected to be completed in 2020, subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals. Upon the close ofthe acquisition, Fitbit will be part of Google segment.Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible AssetsGoodwillChanges in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019 were as follows (in millions): Google Other Bets Total ConsolidatedBalance as of December 31, 2017$16,295 $452 $16,747Acquisitions1,227 0 1,227Transfers80 (80) 0Foreign currency translation and other adjustments(81) (5) (86)Balance as of December 31, 201817,521 367 17,888Acquisitions2,353 475 2,828Transfers9 (9) 0Foreign currency translation and other adjustments38 (130) (92)Balance as of December 31, 2019$19,921 $703 $20,624Other Intangible AssetsInformation regarding purchased intangible assets were as follows (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 GrossCarryingAmount AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingAmountPatents and developed technology$5,125 $3,394 $1,731Customer relationships349 308 41Trade names and other703 255 448Total$6,177 $3,957 $2,220 As of December 31, 2019 GrossCarryingAmount AccumulatedAmortization NetCarryingValuePatents and developed technology$4,972 $3,570 $1,402Customer relationships254 30 224Trade names and other703 350 353Total$5,929 $3,950 $1,979Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives of 2.3years, 5.6 years, and 3.0 years, respectively.Amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets was $796 million, $865 million, and $795 million for the years endedDecember 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively.77Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.As of December 31, 2019, expected amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafteris as follows (in millions): 2020$74920216652022317202357202445Thereafter146 $1,979Note 10. Commitments and ContingenciesPurchase ObligationsAs of December 31, 2019, we had $5.7 billion of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related to data center operations andbuild-outs, digital media content licensing, and purchases of inventory.IndemnificationsIn the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain parties, including advertisers,Google Network Members, customers of Google Cloud offerings, and lessors with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to hold certain partiesharmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims madeagainst certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. Inaddition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligationsto our agents.It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the uniquefacts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims and thepayments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financialposition. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have amaterial adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.As of December 31, 2019, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.Legal MattersAntitrust InvestigationsOn November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened an investigation into various antitrust-related complaints againstus.On June 27, 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google regarding its display and ranking of shopping searchresults and ads infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017) fine. On September11, 2017, we appealed the EC decision and on September 27, 2017, we implemented product changes to bring shopping ads into compliance withthe EC's decision. We recognized a charge of $2.7 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2017.On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringedEuropean competition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of the conductat issue. On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision. On October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our Android distributionpractices. We recognized a charge of $5.1 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2018.On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Searchpartners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) and directed actionsrelated to AdSense for Search agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, we appealed the EC decision. Werecognized a charge of $1.7 billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019. 78Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated BalanceSheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, andother jurisdictions. For example, in August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice requestinginformation and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain of our business practices. Attorneys general from 51 U.S. statesand territories have also opened antitrust investigations into certain of our business practices. We continue to cooperate with federal and stateregulators in the United States, and other regulators around the world.Patent and Intellectual Property ClaimsWe have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetarydamages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. As aresult, we may have to change our business practices, and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenuesfor us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become an important forum tolitigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into theU.S. Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us fromimporting many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our products.Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them against certain intellectual propertyinfringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if therewere an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, andtechnologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business.In 2010, Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought a copyright lawsuit against Google in the Northern District of California, alleging that Google'sAndroid operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related to certain Java application programming interfaces. After trial, final judgment wasentered by the district court in favor of Google on June 8, 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions in favor of Google. Oracle appealed and onMarch 27, 2018, the appeals court reversed and remanded the case for a trial on damages. On May 29, 2018, we filed a petition for a rehearing atthe Federal Circuit, and on August 28, 2018, the Federal Circuit denied the petition. On January 24, 2019, we filed a petition to the Supreme Court ofthe United States to review this case. On April 29, 2019, the Supreme Court requested the views of the Solicitor General regarding our petition. OnSeptember 27, 2019, the Solicitor General recommended denying our petition, and we provided our response on October 16, 2019. On November15, 2019, the Supreme Court granted our petition and made a decision to review the case. If the Supreme Court does not rule in our favor, the casewill be remanded to the district court for further determination of the remaining issues in the case, including damages, if any. We believe this lawsuitis without merit and are defending ourselves vigorously. Given the nature of this case, we are unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss orrange of loss, if any, arising from this matter.OtherWe are also regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition,intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods andservices offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims, suits,regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil or criminal penalties, or other adverse consequences.Certain of these outstanding matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when we believethat it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible andthe loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that couldaffect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and makeadjustments as appropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss relatedto such matters.With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss willnot, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business,79Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject tosignificant uncertainties.We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.Non-Income TaxesWe are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-incometax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these jurisdictions andthe tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreementswith, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or rangeof loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We believe these matters are without merit and we are defending ourselvesvigorously. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may bematerially different from our expectations.For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 14.Note 11. Stockholders' EquityConvertible Preferred StockOur board of directors has authorized 100 million shares of convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, issuable in series. As of December31, 2018 and 2019, no shares were issued or outstanding.Class A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital StockOur board of directors has authorized three classes of stock, Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock. The rights of theholders of each class of our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled toone vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Class C capital stock has no voting rights, except asrequired by applicable law. Shares of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the option of the stockholder and automaticallyconvert upon sale or transfer to Class A common stock.Share RepurchasesIn January 2018, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $8.6 billion of its Class C capital stock. InJanuary and July 2019, the board of directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $12.5 billion and $25.0 billion ofits Class C capital stock, respectively. Share repurchases pursuant to the January 2018 and January 2019 authorizations were completed in 2019.The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities,through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not havean expiration date.During the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, we repurchased and subsequently retired 8.2 million shares of Alphabet Class C capitalstock for an aggregate amount of $9.1 billion and 15.3 million shares of Alphabet Class C capital stock for an aggregate amount of $18.4 billion,respectively.Note 12. Net Income Per ShareWe compute net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock using the two-class method. Basic netincome per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share iscomputed using the weighted-average number of shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentiallydilutive securities consist of restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of outstanding restricted stock units andother contingently issuable shares is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of thediluted net income per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock, while the diluted net income per share ofClass B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock areidentical, except with respect to voting. Furthermore, there are a number of safeguards built into our certificate of incorporation, as well as Delawarelaw, which preclude our board of directors from declaring or paying unequal per share dividends on our Class A and Class B common stock andClass C capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect ofadversely altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a given class of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely80Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that before any such amendment may be put to astockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our board of directors. As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year areallocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and Class B common shares and Class C capital stock as if the earnings for theyear had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis.In the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B commonstock and Class C capital stock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation inaccordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc.The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and Class Ccapital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2017 Class A Class B Class CBasic net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings$5,438 $862 $6,362Denominator     Number of shares used in per share computation297,604 47,146 348,151Basic net income per share$18.27 $18.27 $18.27Diluted net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$5,438 $862 $6,362Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares862 0 0Reallocation of undistributed earnings(74) (14) 74Allocation of undistributed earnings$6,226 $848 $6,436Denominator     Number of shares used in basic computation297,604 47,146 348,151Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities     Add:     Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding47,146 0 0Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares1,192 0 9,491Number of shares used in per share computation345,942 47,146 357,642Diluted net income per share$18.00 $18.00 $18.0081Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2018 Class A Class B Class CBasic net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings$13,200 $2,072 $15,464Denominator     Number of shares used in per share computation298,548 46,864 349,728Basic net income per share$44.22 $44.22 $44.22Diluted net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$13,200 $2,072 $15,464Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,072 0 0Reallocation of undistributed earnings(146) (24) 146Allocation of undistributed earnings$15,126 $2,048 $15,610Denominator     Number of shares used in basic computation298,548 46,864 349,728Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities     Add:     Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,864 0 0Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares689 0 7,456Number of shares used in per share computation346,101 46,864 357,184Diluted net income per share$43.70 $43.70 $43.70 Year Ended December 31, 2019 Class A Class B Class CBasic net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings$14,846 $2,307 $17,190Denominator     Number of shares used in per share computation299,402 46,527 346,667Basic net income per share$49.59 $49.59 $49.59Diluted net income per share:     Numerator     Allocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$14,846 $2,307 $17,190Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,307 0 0Reallocation of undistributed earnings(126) (20) 126Allocation of undistributed earnings$17,027 $2,287 $17,316Denominator     Number of shares used in basic computation299,402 46,527 346,667Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities     Add:     Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,527 0 0Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares413 0 5,547Number of shares used in per share computation346,342 46,527 352,214Diluted net income per share$49.16 $49.16 $49.1682Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 13. Compensation PlansStock PlansUnder our 2012 Stock Plan, RSUs or stock options may be granted. An RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our publicly tradedstock at the time the award vests. Incentive and non-qualified stock options, or rights to purchase common stock, are generally granted for a term of10 years. RSUs granted to participants under the 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over four years contingent upon employment or service with us onthe vesting date.As of December 31, 2019, there were 37,982,435 shares of stock reserved for future issuance under our Stock Plan.Additionally, we have stock-based awards that may be settled in the stock of certain of our Other Bets.Stock-Based CompensationFor the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, total stock-based compensation expense was $7.9 billion, $10.0 billion and $11.7billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $7.7 billion, $9.4 billion, and $10.8 billion, respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we recognized tax benefits on total stock-based compensation expense, which arereflected in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income, of $1.6 billion, $1.5 billion, and $1.8 billion, respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during the period was $2.7billion, $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include the indirect effects of stock-based awards, which primarily relate tothe research and development tax credit.Stock-Based Award ActivitiesThe following table summarizes the activities for our unvested RSUs in Alphabet stock for the year ended December 31, 2019: Unvested Restricted Stock Units     Number of    Shares Weighted-AverageGrant-DateFair ValueUnvested as of December 31, 201818,467,678 $936.96Granted13,934,041 $1,092.36 Vested(11,576,766) $919.28 Forfeited/canceled(1,430,717) $990.56Unvested as of December 31, 201919,394,236 $1,055.22The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2018, was $845.06 and$1,095.89, respectively. Total fair value of RSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019were $11.3 billion, $14.1 billion, and $15.2 billion, respectively.As of December 31, 2019, there was $19.1 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This amount isexpected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years.401(k) PlansWe have two 401(k) Savings Plans that qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Underthese 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount of the employees’ contributions subject to certain limitations. We recognizedexpense of approximately $448 million, $691 million, and $724 million for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019, respectively.83Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 14. Income TaxesIncome from continuing operations before income taxes consists of the following (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Domestic operations$10,680 $15,779 $16,426Foreign operations16,513 19,134 23,199Total$27,193 $34,913 $39,625The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201720182019Current:     Federal and state$12,608 $2,153 $2,424Foreign1,746 1,251 2,713Total14,354 3,404 5,137Deferred:     Federal and state220 907 286Foreign(43) (134) (141)Total177 773 145Provision for income taxes$14,531 $4,177 $5,282The Tax Act enacted on December 22, 2017 introduced significant changes to U.S. income tax law. Effective 2018, the Tax Act reduced theU.S. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% and created new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings and certain related-party payments.Due to the timing of the enactment and the complexity involved in applying the provisions of the Tax Act, we made reasonable estimates of theeffects and recorded provisional amounts in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2017. As we collected and preparednecessary data, and interpreted the additional guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies, wemade adjustments, over the course of 2018, to the provisional amounts including refinements to deferred taxes. The accounting for the tax effects ofthe Tax Act was completed as of December 31, 2018.Transition taxThe Tax Act required us to pay U.S. income taxes on accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings not previously subject to U.S. income tax at arate of 15.5% to the extent of foreign cash and certain other net current assets and 8% on the remaining earnings. We recorded a provisionalamount for our transitional tax liability and income tax expense of $10.2 billion as of December 31, 2017. Subsequent adjustments in 2018 and 2019were not material.Deferred tax effectsDue to the change in the statutory tax rate from the Tax Act, we remeasured our deferred taxes as of December 31, 2017 to reflect the reducedrate that will apply in future periods when these deferred taxes are settled or realized. We recognized a deferred tax benefit of $376 million to reflectthe reduced U.S. tax rate and other effects of the Tax Act as of December 31, 2017.84Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019U.S. federal statutory tax rate35.0 % 21.0 % 21.0 %Foreign income taxed at different rates(14.2) (4.9) (5.6)Effect of the Tax Act  Transition tax37.6 (0.1) (0.6)Deferred tax effects(1.4) (1.2) 0.0Federal research credit(1.8) (2.4) (2.5)Stock-based compensation expense(4.5) (2.2) (0.7)European Commission fines3.5 3.1 1.0Deferred tax asset valuation allowance0.9 (2.0) 0.0State and local income taxes0.1 (0.4) 1.1Other adjustments(1.8) 1.1 (0.4)Effective tax rate53.4 % 12.0 % 13.3 %Our effective tax rate for each of the years presented was affected by earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lowerthan the federal statutory tax rate. Substantially all of the income from foreign operations was earned by an Irish subsidiary. Beginning in 2018,earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions are subject to U.S. tax in accordance with the Tax Act.On July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, in an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, invalidated the portion of the Treasuryregulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharing arrangement to share stock-based compensationcosts. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision on December 28, 2015. As a result of that decision, we recorded a tax benefit related to theanticipated reimbursement of cost share payment for previously shared stock-based compensation costs.On June 7, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the 2015 Tax Court decision in Altera Corp. v.Commissioner, and upheld the portion of the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharingarrangement to share stock-based compensation costs. As a result of the Ninth Circuit court decision, our cumulative net tax benefit of $418 millionrelated to previously shared stock-based compensation costs was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2019.85Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Deferred Income TaxesDeferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financialreporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows(in millions): As of December 31, 2018 2019Deferred tax assets:   Stock-based compensation expense$291 $421Accrued employee benefits387 463Accruals and reserves not currently deductible902 1,047Tax credits1,979 3,264Basis difference in investment in Arris657 0Prepaid cost sharing597 0Net operating losses557 771Operating leases160 1,876Other21 390Total deferred tax assets5,551 8,232Valuation allowance(2,817) (3,502)Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance2,734 4,730Deferred tax liabilities:   Property and equipment, net(1,382) (1,798)Renewable energy investments(500) (466)Foreign Earnings(111) (373)Net investment gains(1,143) (1,074)Operating leases0 (1,619)Other(125) (380)Total deferred tax liabilities(3,261) (5,710)Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)$(527) $(980)As of December 31, 2019, our federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $1.8billion, $3.1 billion, and $1.9 billion respectively. If not utilized, the federal and foreign net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2021and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2020. It is more likely than not that certain net operating loss carryforwards willnot be realized; therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance against them. The net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various annuallimitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions.As of December 31, 2019, our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $3.0billion that can be carried over indefinitely. We believe the state tax credit is not likely to be realized.As of December 31, 2019, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operatinglosses, certain state tax credits and certain foreign net operating losses that we believe are not likely to be realized. Due to gains from equitysecurities recognized, we released the valuation allowance in 2018 against the deferred tax asset for the book-to-tax basis difference in ourinvestments in Arris shares received from the sale of the Motorola Home business to Arris in 2013. We continue to reassess the remaining valuationallowance quarterly and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release of the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly.86Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Uncertain Tax PositionsThe following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits$5,393 $4,696 $4,652Increases related to prior year tax positions685 321 938Decreases related to prior year tax positions(257) (623) (143)Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities(1,875) (191) (2,886)Increases related to current year tax positions750 449 816Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits$4,696 $4,652 $3,377The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $4.7 billion, $4.7 billion, and $3.4 billion as of December 31, 2017, 2018, and 2019,respectively, of which, $3.0 billion, $2.9 billion, and $2.3 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. The decrease in grossunrecognized tax benefits in 2017 and 2019 was primarily as a result of the resolution of multi-year audits.As of December 31, 2018 and 2019, we had accrued $490 million and $130 million in interest and penalties in provision for income taxes,respectively.We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two major tax jurisdictions are the U.S.federal and Ireland. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS completedits examination through our 2015 tax years; all issues have been concluded and the IRS will commence its examination of our 2016 through 2018tax returns. We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricing adjustments or permanentestablishment. We continue to defend any and all such claims as presented.The tax years 2011 through 2018 remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There areother ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our financial statements.We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision forincome taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, of the expected expiration of thestatute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions.We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of taxaudits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management'sexpectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing of resolution,settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will materially changein the next 12 months.Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic AreasWe operate our business in multiple operating segments. Google is our only reportable segment. None of our other segments meet thequantitative thresholds to qualify as reportable segments; therefore, the other operating segments are combined and disclosed as Other Bets.Our reported segments are:•Google – Google includes our main products such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Cloud, Google Maps, Google Play, Search,and YouTube. Our technical infrastructure is also included in Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps,in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud offeringsand subscription-based products.•Other Bets – Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Other Bets includes Access,Calico, CapitalG, GV, Verily, Waymo, and X, among others. Revenues from the Other Bets are derived primarily through the sales ofinternet and TV services through Access as well as licensing and R&D services through Verily.87Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses are generally directly attributed to our segments. Inter-segment revenues are notpresented separately, as these amounts are immaterial. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker does not evaluate operating segments using assetinformation.Information about segments during the periods presented were as follows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Revenues:     Google$110,547 $136,362 $160,743Other Bets477 595 659Hedging gains (losses)(169) (138) 455Total revenues$110,855 $136,819 $161,857 Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Operating income (loss):     Google$32,456 $36,655 $41,673Other Bets(2,734) (3,358) (4,824)Reconciling items(1)(3,544) (5,773) (2,618)Total income from operations$26,178 $27,524 $34,231(1) Reconciling items are generally comprised of corporate administrative costs, hedging gains (losses) and other miscellaneous items that are not allocated toindividual segments. Reconciling items include the European Commission fines for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, and a chargefrom a legal settlement for the year ended December 31, 2019. Performance fees previously included in reconciling items were reclassified for the yearsended December 31, 2017 and 2018 from general and administrative expenses to other income (expense), net to conform with current period presentation.For further information on the reclassification, see Note 1. Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Capital expenditures:     Google$12,619 $25,460 $25,251Other Bets493 181 281Reconciling items(2)72 (502) (1,984)Total capital expenditures as presented on the Consolidated Statements of CashFlows$13,184 $25,139 $23,548(2) Reconciling items are related to timing differences of payments as segment capital expenditures are on accrual basis while total capital expendituresshown on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow are on cash basis and other miscellaneous differences.88Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Stock-based compensation (SBC) and depreciation, amortization, and impairment are included in segment operating income (loss) as shownbelow (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 2017 2018 2019Stock-based compensation:     Google$7,168 $8,755 $10,185Other Bets363 489 474Reconciling items(3)148 109 135Total stock-based compensation(4)$7,679 $9,353 $10,794      Depreciation, amortization, and impairment:     Google$6,608 $8,708 $11,158Other Bets307 327 566Reconciling items(3)0 0 57Total depreciation, amortization, and impairment$6,915 $9,035 $11,781(3) Reconciling items relate to corporate administrative and other costs that are not allocated to individual segments.(4) For purposes of segment reporting, SBC represents awards that we expect to settle in Alphabet stock.The following table presents our long-lived assets by geographic area (in millions): As of December 31, 2018 As of December 31, 2019Long-lived assets:   United States$74,882 $94,907International22,234 28,424Total long-lived assets$97,116 $123,331For revenues by geography, see Note 2.89Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURENone.ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosurecontrols and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2019, our disclosure controlsand procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required todisclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specifiedin the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officerand chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe rely extensively on information systems to manage our business and summarize and report operating results. In 2019, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global enterprise resource planning (“ERP”) system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems.The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain the Company’s financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve datamanagement and provide timely information to the Company’s management team. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the nextseveral years, with initial changes to our general ledger and consolidated financial reporting to take place in 2020. There have been no changes inour internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2019 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely tomaterially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as the phased implementation of the new ERP system continues, we willchange our processes and procedures which, in turn, could result in changes to our internal control over financial reporting. As such changes occur,we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on theframework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,2019. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit Committee. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reportingas of December 31, 2019 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which isincluded in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and ProceduresIn designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter howwell designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosurecontrols and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluatingthe benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATIONNone.90Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIIITEM 10.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCEThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance” in our ProxyStatement for 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 (2020Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 11.EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and “Directors,Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Compensation Committee Interlocks and InsiderParticipation” in the 2020 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 12.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERMATTERSThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners andManagement” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2020 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 13.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCEThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Directors,Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Director Independence” in the 2020 Proxy Statementand is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 14.PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICESThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the 2020 ProxyStatement and is incorporated herein by reference.91