Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IITEM 1.BUSINESSOverviewAs our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to becomeone." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history, inspiring us to tackle big problems, and invest in moonshots likeartificial intelligence ("AI") research and quantum computing. We continue this work under the leadership of Sundar Pichai, who has served asCEO of Google since 2015 and as CEO of Alphabet since 2019.Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google — which we report as two segments: Google Services and GoogleCloud. We report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. Our Other Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afieldfrom our core Google business. We take a long term view and manage the portfolio of Other Bets with the discipline and rigor needed to deliverlong-term returns. Our Alphabet structure is about helping each of our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence.Access and technology for everyoneThe Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers, capable of propelling new ideas and people forward. Our mission to organizethe world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant today as it was when we were founded in 1998. Since then,we’ve evolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that helps you get things done. We’re focused on building an evenmore helpful Google for everyone, and we aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase their knowledge, health, happiness andsuccess.Across Alphabet, we're focused on continually innovating in areas where technology can have an impact on people’s lives. Every year,there are trillions of searches on Google, and we continue to invest deeply in AI and other technologies to ensure the most helpful Searchexperience possible. People come to YouTube for entertainment, information and opportunities to learn something new. And Google Assistantoffers the best way to get things done seamlessly across different devices, providing intelligent help throughout your day, no matter where youare.Since the pandemic began, our teams have built new features to help users go about their daily lives, and to support businesses working toserve their customers during an uncertain time. In conjunction with Apple, we launched Exposure Notification apps that are being used by localgovernments globally. Our COVID-19 Community Mobility Reports are used by public health agencies and researchers around the globe, andwe’ve committed hundreds of millions of dollars to help small businesses through a combination of small business loans, grants and ad credits.Importantly, we've made authoritative content a key focus area across both Google Search and YouTube to help users search for trusted publichealth information.Our Other Bets are also pursuing initiatives with similar goals. For instance, as a part of our efforts in the Metro Phoenix area, Waymo isworking toward our goal of making transportation safer and easier for everyone while Verily is developing tools and platforms to improve healthoutcomes.MoonshotsMany companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads toirrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought we were crazy whenwe acquired YouTube and Android and when we launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video andmobile devices and a safer, popular browser. We continue to look toward the future and continue to invest for the long-term. As we said in theoriginal founders' letter, we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that we believe in because they are the key to our long-termsuccess.The power of machine learningAcross the company, machine learning and AI are increasingly driving many of our latest innovations. Our investments in machine learningover the past decade have enabled us to build products that are smarter and more helpful. For example, a huge breakthrough in naturallanguage understanding, called BERT, now improves results for almost every English language search query.DeepMind made a significant AI-powered breakthrough, solving a 50-year-old protein folding challenge, which will help us betterunderstand one of life’s fundamental building blocks, and will enable researchers to tackle new and difficult problems, from fighting diseases toenvironmental sustainability.5Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.GoogleFor reporting purposes, Google comprises two segments: Google Services and Google Cloud.Google ServicesServing our usersWe have always been a company committed to building helpful products that can improve the lives of millions of people. Our productinnovations have made our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google Services' core products andplatforms include Android, Chrome, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube, each with broadand growing adoption by users around the world.Our products and services have come a long way since the company was founded more than two decades ago. Rather than the ten bluelinks in our early search results, users can now get direct answers to their questions using their computer, mobile device, or their own voice,making it quicker, easier and more natural to find what you're looking for.This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digitalcontent, on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. With the migration to mobile, people are consuming more digitalcontent by watching more videos, playing more games, listening to more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before.Working with content creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to find great digital content.Fueling all of these great digital experiences are powerful platforms and hardware. That’s why we continue to invest in platforms like ourAndroid mobile operating system, Chrome browser, Chrome operating system, as well as growing our family of great hardware devices. We seetremendous potential for devices to be helpful, make your life easier, and get better over time, by combining the best of our AI, software, andhardware. This is reflected in our latest generation of hardware products like Pixel 4a, Pixel 4a 5G and Pixel 5 phones, Chromecast with GoogleTV and the Google Nest Hub smart display. Creating beautiful products that people rely on every day is a journey that we are investing in for thelong run.Key to building helpful products for users is our commitment to privacy, security and user choice. As the Internet evolves, we continue toinvest in keeping data safe, including enhanced malware features in Chrome and improvements to auto-delete controls that will automaticallydelete web and app searches after 18 months.How we make moneyOur advertising products deliver relevant ads at just the right time, to give people useful commercial information, regardless of the devicethey’re using. We also provide advertisers with tools that help them better attribute and measure their advertising campaigns. Our advertisingsolutions help millions of companies grow their businesses, and we offer a wide range of products across devices and formats. Google Servicesgenerates revenues primarily by delivering both performance advertising and brand advertising.•Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading to direct engagement with advertisers. Mostof our performance advertisers pay us when a user engages in their ads. Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect withusers while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performance advertisers to create simple text-based ads that appear onGoogle Search & other properties, YouTube and the properties of Google Network Members. In addition, Google Network Members useour platforms to display relevant ads on their properties, generating revenues when site visitors view or click on the ads. We continue toinvest in our advertising programs and make significant upgrades.•Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity with advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images,and other interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads tospecific audiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns.We have built a world-class ad technology platform for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing businesses.We aim to ensure great user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies.We also seek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers know when their campaigns are effective.We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating thebest advertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, ranging6Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.from filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of bad ads from our systems every year to closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos whereads appear and blocklisting them when necessary to ensure that ads do not fund bad content.We continue to look to the future and are making long-term investments that will grow revenues beyond advertising, including Google Play,hardware, and YouTube. We are also investing in research efforts in AI and quantum computing to foster innovation across our businesses andcreate new opportunities.Google CloudGoogle was a company built in the cloud. We continue to invest in infrastructure, security, data management, analytics and AI. We seesignificant opportunity in helping businesses utilize these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments andmachine learning tools to provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace (formerly known asG Suite). Google Cloud Platform enables developers to build, test, and deploy applications on its highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. OurGoogle Workspace collaboration tools — which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Meet and more — are designed with real-timecollaboration and machine intelligence to help people work smarter. Because more and more of today’s great digital experiences are being builtin the cloud, our Google Cloud products help businesses of all sizes take advantage of the latest technology advances to operate moreefficiently.Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from fees received for Google Cloud Platform services and Google Workspace collaborationtools.Other BetsThroughout Alphabet, we are also using technology to try and solve big problems across many industries. Alphabet’s investment in ourportfolio of Other Bets include emerging businesses at various stages of development, ranging from those in the research and developmentphase to those that are in the beginning stages of commercialization, and our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses in themedium to long term. While these early-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already generatingrevenue and making important strides in their industries. Revenues are primarily generated from internet and TV services, as well as licensingand R&D services.Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors.We are investing in our portfolio of Other Bets and being very deliberate about the focus, scale, and pace of investments.CompetitionOur business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspectof our business, particularly from companies that seek to connect people with online information and provide them with relevant advertising. Weface competition from:•General purpose search engines and information services, such as Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Verizon's Yahoo, andYandex.•Vertical search engines and e-commerce websites, such as Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries),Microsoft's LinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly to such content, websites, and appsrather than go through Google.•Social networks, such as Facebook, Snapchat, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely on social networks for product or servicereferrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.•Other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise inmultiple media, both online and offline.•Other online advertising platforms and networks, including Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Facebook, that compete for advertisers thatuse Google Ads, our primary auction-based advertising platform.•Providers of digital video services, such as Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Disney, Facebook, Hulu, Netflix and TikTok.In businesses that are further afield from our advertising business, we compete with companies that have longer operating histories andmore established relationships with customers and users. We face competition from:•Other digital content and application platform providers, such as Amazon and Apple.7Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietaryplatforms.•Providers of enterprise cloud services, including Alibaba, Amazon, and Microsoft.•Digital assistant providers, such as Amazon and Apple.Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to deliver and distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplaceacross our businesses. Specifically, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining:•Users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as wellas the general usefulness, security and availability of our products and services.•Advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in anefficient and effective manner across a variety of distribution channels.•Content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues fromadvertising, and the terms of our agreements with them.Ongoing Commitment to SustainabilityAt Google, we build technology that helps people do more for the planet. We strive to build sustainability into everything we do, includingdesigning and operating efficient data centers, advancing carbon-free energy, creating sustainable workplaces, building better devices andservices, empowering users with technology, and enabling a responsible supply chain.Google has been carbon neutral since 2007, and in 2019, for the third consecutive year, we matched 100% of our electricity consumptionwith renewable energy purchases. We are the largest annual corporate purchaser of renewable energy in the world, based on renewableelectricity purchased in megawatt-hour (MWh). In 2020, we neutralized our entire legacy carbon footprint since our founding (covering all ouroperational emissions before we became carbon neutral in 2007), making Google the first major company to achieve carbon neutrality for itsentire operating history. In our third decade of climate action, we’ve set our most ambitious goal yet: to run our business on carbon-free energyeverywhere, at all times, by 2030.We're also investing in technologies to help our partners and people all over the world make sustainable choices. For example, we intend toenable 5 GW of new carbon-free energy across our key manufacturing regions by 2030 through investment. We anticipate this will spur morethan $5 billion in clean energy investments, avoid the amount of emissions equal to taking more than 1 million cars off the road each year, andcreate more than 8,000 clean energy jobs. With the Environmental Insights Explorer, we're also working to help more than 500 cities and localgovernments globally reduce a total of 1 gigaton of carbon emissions annually by 2030 — that’s the equivalent of the annual carbon emissions ofa country the size of Japan.Google’s products are already helping people make more sustainable choices in their daily lives, whether it’s using Google Maps to findbike-shares and electric vehicle charging stations, or in many European countries, using Google Flights to sort the least carbon-intensive optionflights. There are more tools and information we can provide, and our goal is to find new ways that our products can help 1 billion people makemore sustainable choices by 2022.Climate change is one of the most significant global challenges of our time. In 2017, we developed a climate resilience strategy, whichincluded conducting a climate scenario analysis. We've earned a spot on the CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project) Climate Change AList for seven consecutive years. We believe our CDP climate change response reflects the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).In 2020, we issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds, the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history. The netproceeds from the issuance are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas: energy efficiency,clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, and supportfor small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response.More information on our approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports, including Google’s environmentalreport. The content of our sustainability reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report ordocument we file with the SEC.8Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Culture and WorkforceWe’re a company of curious, talented and passionate people. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideasto address complex challenges in technology and society.Our people are critical for our continued success. We work hard to provide an environment where Googlers can have fulfilling careers, andbe happy, healthy and productive. We offer industry-leading benefits and programs to take care of the diverse needs of our employees and theirfamilies, including access to excellent healthcare choices, opportunities for career growth and development, and resources to support theirfinancial health. Our competitive compensation programs help us to attract and retain top candidates, and we will continue to invest in recruitingtalented people to technical and non-technical roles and rewarding them well.Alphabet is committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion part of everything we do and we’re committed to growing a workforce that’srepresentative of the users we serve. More information on Google’s approach to diversity can be found in our annual diversity reports, availablepublicly at diversity.google. The content of our diversity reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in anyother report or document we file with the SEC.We have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations in certain countries and we are committed to supportingprotected labor rights, maintaining an open culture and listening to all Googlers. Supporting healthy and open dialogue is central to how we work,and we communicate information about the company through multiple internal channels to our employees. As of December 31, 2020, Alphabethad 135,301 employees.When necessary, we contract with businesses around the world to provide specialized services where we don’t have appropriate in-houseexpertise or resources, often in fields that require specialized training like cafe operations, customer support, content moderation and physicalsecurity. We also contract with temporary staffing agencies when we need to cover short-term leaves, when we have spikes in business needs,or when we need to quickly incubate special projects. We choose our partners and staffing agencies carefully, and review their compliance withGoogle’s Supplier Code of Conduct. We continually make improvements to promote a respectful and positive working environment for everyone— employees, vendors and temporary staff alike.Government RegulationWe are subject to numerous U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Like othercompanies in the technology industry, we face heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance withlaws and regulations. Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase ourcost of doing business, impact our competitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise have an adverse impact on our business,reputation, financial condition, and operating results. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see RiskFactors in Part I, Item 1A, Trends in Our Business in Part II, Item 7, and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated FinancialStatements included in Part II, Item 8 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Intellectual PropertyWe rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology andour brand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names andcopyrights. We have also filed patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and acquired patentassets to supplement our portfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to otherparties.SeasonalityOur business is affected by seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends such astraditional retail seasonality (including developments and volatility arising from COVID-19).Available InformationOur website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports on Form10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, areavailable through our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of theSEC's website at www.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC.We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of theinvestment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or9Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.announcements regarding our financial performance and other items that may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings,investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog athttps://www.blog.google/, that may be material or of interest to our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificateof incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relationswebsite under the heading "Other." The content of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in anyother report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORSOur operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, whichcould harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Risks Specific to our CompanyWe generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, ornew and existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to customize ads could harm our business.We generated over 80% of total revenues from the display of ads online in 2020. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute ourproducts and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may notcontinue to do business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increasedbrand awareness, or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacypractices, as well as changes to other companies’ advertising and/or data privacy practices may affect the advertising that we are able toprovide, which could harm our business. In addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult or that block thedisplay of ads altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability andfunctionality of third-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harmour reputation, financial condition, and operating results.In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns.Adverse macroeconomic conditions, including COVID-19 and its effects on the global economy (as discussed in greater detail in our COVID-19risk factor under ‘General Risks’ below), have impacted the demand for advertising and resulted in fluctuations in the amounts our advertisersspend on advertising, and could have an adverse impact on such demand and spend, which could harm our financial condition and operatingresults.We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, wemay not remain competitive, which could harm our business and operating results.Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs,and frequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments anddeliver innovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitivepressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in research anddevelopment, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services.We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large andestablished companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories and well established relationships in varioussectors. They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions,continuing to invest heavily in research and development and in talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or notmeritorious), and continuing to compete aggressively for users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies inenforcement of existing laws may enable our lesser known competitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny,thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitors may also be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than wecan or may foresee the need for products and services before us.Our operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, publishers,customers, and content providers. As technologies continue to develop, our competitors may be able to offer experiences that are, or that areseen to be, substantially similar to or better than ours. This10Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remain competitive. If our competitors are moresuccessful than we are in developing compelling products or in attracting and retaining users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and contentproviders, our operating results could be harmed.Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could disrupt ourcurrent operations and harm our financial condition and operating results.We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The investments that we aremaking across Google Services, Google Cloud and Other Bets reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that areuseful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments in Google Services, Google Cloud and Other Betsspan a wide range of industries beyond online advertising. Such investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in anadequate return of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. These endeavors may involve significant risksand uncertainties, including diversion of management resources and, with respect to Other Bets, the use of alternative investment, governance,or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwise accomplish their objectives.Within Google Services, we continue to invest heavily in hardware, including our smartphones and home devices, which is a highlycompetitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, shortproduct life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, and price and featuresensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide hardware that competes effectively.Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google CloudPlatform and Google Workspace. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent,particularly to support and scale our salesforce. At the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services.Pricing and delivery models are competitive and evolving, and we may not attain sufficient scale and profitability to achieve our businessobjectives.Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in the areas of health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investmentareas face intense competition from large experienced and well-funded competitors and our offerings may not be able to compete effectively orto operate at sufficient levels of profitability.In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use artificial intelligence and machine learning, raise ethical,technological, legal, regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services.Because all of these new ventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and willnot harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition and the continuedexpansion of our business into a variety of new fields. Changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix,and property mix and an increasing competition for advertising may also affect our advertising revenue growth rate. We may also experience adecline in our revenue growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, if there is a decrease in the rate of adoption of our products,services, and technologies, or due to deceleration or decline in demand for devices used to access our services, among other factors. Inaddition, COVID-19 and its effects on the global economy has impacted and may continue to adversely impact our revenue growth rate (asdiscussed in greater detail in our COVID-19 risk factor under ‘General Risks’ below).In addition to a decline in our revenue growth rate, we may also experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from avariety of factors, such as the continued expansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as hardware, GoogleCloud, and subscription products, as well as significant investments in Other Bets, all of which may have margins lower than those we generatefrom advertising. We may also experience downward pressure on our operating margins from increasing regulations, increasing competition andincreased costs for many aspects of our business, including within advertising where changes such as device mix, property mix, and partneragreements can affect margin. The margin we earn on revenues generated from our Google Network Members could also decrease in the futureif we pay a larger percentage of advertising fees to them. We may also pay increased TAC to our distribution partners as well as increasedcontent acquisition11Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.costs to content providers. We may also face an increase in infrastructure costs, supporting businesses such as Search, Google Cloud, andYouTube. Many of our expenses are less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenues.Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not beindicative of our future performance.Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, servicesand brands as well as affect our ability to compete.Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outsideof our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effectiveintellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made availablethrough the Internet. Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Although we seek to obtainpatent protection for our innovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we may not haveadequate patent or copyright protection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. Furthermore, there is always the possibility,despite our efforts, that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive informationcould be compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risksassociated with our trademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it becomessynonymous with the word “search.” Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts,particularly those outside of the United States, may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark,which could result in other people using the word “Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand.Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting ourintellectual property rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it moreexpensive to do business and harm our operating results.Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand ourbase of users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners.Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within GoogleServices, Google Cloud and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better servethe needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands may be negatively affected by a number offactors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and security issues anddevelopments, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to appropriately respond to the sharing of misinformation orobjectionable content on our services and/or products or objectionable practices by advertisers, or to otherwise adequately address userconcerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands.Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance equity in our brands may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Oursuccess will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, innovative products and servicesthat are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings.We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition,operating results, and prospects.We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both ourproducts and our internet-based services.We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our finished products, to design certain of our components and parts, and toparticipate in the distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage thesecompanies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms, or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due tofinancial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing or other material terms of our arrangements with them.We have experienced and/or may experience supply shortages and price increases driven by raw material, component or part availability,manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, tariffs, trade disputes12Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.and barriers, natural disasters or pandemics (including COVID-19), the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding,wildfires, and increased storm severity), and significant changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers. We have experiencedand/or may in the future, experience shortages or other supply chain disruptions that could negatively affect our operations. In addition, some ofthe components we use in our technical infrastructure and products are available from only one or limited sources, and we may not be able tofind replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. In addition, a significant supply interruption could delaycritical data center upgrades or expansions and delay product availability.We may enter into long term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may be liable formaterials and products that are not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, andwarranty issues. For instance, because certain of our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase requirements,if the volume of our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costsor other financial liabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and negatively affect our financial results.Furthermore, certain of our competitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that mayprovide them with competitive advantages and may affect our supply.Our products and services may have quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes, these issues may becaused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products and services does not meetexpectations or our products or services are defective, it could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies, such as the GoogleSupplier Code of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance and intellectual propertylicensing, but we do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions,canceled orders, harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectualproperty, could affect our ability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims.Interruption, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt ourability to effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Inaddition, complications with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system could harm ourbusiness and operations.The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our informationtechnology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades,terrorist attacks, natural disasters or pandemics (including COVID-19), the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding,wildfires, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial ofservice attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access our systems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a highrisk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism,and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced by facility operators. Some of our systems are not fullyredundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities.The occurrence of a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19), closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems at, orimpacting, our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical andcomplex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems.In addition, we rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are inthe process of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The ERPsystem is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, andprovide timely information to our management team. We may not be able to successfully implement the ERP system without experiencingdelays, increased costs, and other difficulties. Failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned could harm ourbusiness, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERPsystem does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected.13Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and operatingresults.Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. Internationalrevenues accounted for approximately 53% of our consolidated revenues in 2020. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, ourinternational operations expose us to other risks, including the following:•Restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cashearned in countries outside the U.S.•Import and export requirements, tariffs and other market access barriers that may prevent or impede us from offering products orproviding services to a particular market, or that could limit our ability to source assemblies and finished products from a particularmarket, and may increase our operating costs.•Longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud.•Evolving foreign events, including the effect of the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, may adversely affect ourrevenues and could subject us to new regulatory costs and challenges (including the transfer of personal data between the EU and theUnited Kingdom and new customer requirements), in addition to other adverse effects that we are unable to effectively anticipate.•Anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to governmentofficials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties.•Uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent.•Different employee/employer relationships, existence of works councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance,language, and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we face exposure tofluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure, significant fluctuations inexchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings, particularly in light of marketvolatilities due to COVID-19. Hedging programs are also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financialcondition and operating results.Risks Related to our IndustryPeople access the Internet through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement oftechnology and user preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services developedfor these interfaces, our business could be harmed.People access the Internet through a growing variety of devices such as desktop computers, mobile phones, smartphones, laptops andtablets, video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and servicesmay be less popular on some interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and ourproducts and services may not be available or may only be available with limited functionality for our users or our advertisers on these devicesas a result. Some manufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly beingundertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps, social media or other platforms, which could harm our business. It is hard to predict thechallenges we may encounter in adapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect tocontinue to devote significant resources to creating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing toattract and retain a substantial number of new device manufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing to develop productsand technologies that work well on new devices and platforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability tocapture future business opportunities.Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause us to incursignificant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Software bugs ordefects, security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and interferencewith our users and customers’ ability to use our products and services, harming our business operations and reputation.14Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of personal information or other data-privacy-relatedmatters, even if unfounded, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policies and practices may change overtime as expectations regarding privacy and data change.Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of proprietary and other sensitive information, and bugs, theft, misuse,defects, vulnerabilities in our products and services, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, improper use anddisclosure of such information, litigation, and other potential liability. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with ourprivacy policies, and/or inadvertent disclosure of user data could result in government and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation andbrand and, therefore, our business, and impair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. We expect to continue to expend significantresources to maintain security protections that shield against bugs, theft, misuse, or security vulnerabilities or breaches.We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience futuresecurity issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors or vulnerabilities in our or other parties’ systems, which couldresult in significant legal and financial exposure. Government inquiries and enforcement actions, litigation, and adverse press coverage couldharm our business. We may be unable to anticipate or detect attacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures. Attacksand security issues could also compromise trade secrets and other sensitive information, harming our business.While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incidentresponse teams, our response process, particularly during times of a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19), may not be adequate,may fail to accurately assess the severity of an incident, may not respond quickly enough, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As aresult, we may suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operatingresults.Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuseof user data.In addition to our efforts to mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and content review efforts tocombat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigations and review of platform applicationsthat could access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we could discover incidents of unnecessary access to ormisuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. We may not discover all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of ourdata limitations, including our lack of visibility over our encrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, or other factors, including factorsoutside of our control such as a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19), and we may be notified of such incidents or activity via thirdparties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of user data or our systems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts orpolicies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference, improper ad purchases, activities that threaten people’s safetyon- or offline, or instances of spamming, scraping, or spreading disinformation. We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce ourpolicies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoing developments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harmour reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business, and adversely affect our businessand financial results. Any such developments may also subject us to additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetarypenalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.Problematic content on our platforms, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and otherviolations of our guidelines could affect the quality of our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current andpotential users from using our products and services.We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines across our platforms, including sophisticated attempts by bad actorsto manipulate our hosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not representgenuine user interest or intent. While we invest significantly in efforts to promote high-quality and relevant results and to detect and prevent low-quality content and invalid traffic, we may be unable to adequately detect and prevent such abuses or promote high-quality content, particularlyduring times of a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19).Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than oursearch engine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts15Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.(known as “web spam”) may affect the quality of content on our platforms and lead them to display false, misleading or undesirable content.Although English-language web spam in our search results has been reduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expectweb spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve their rankings. We continuously combat web spam in our search results,including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, less useful web content to rank highly. We also continue to invest inand deploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam from abusing our platforms.We also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generatelarge quantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes focused ondetecting and preventing abuse from low-quality websites.We also face other challenges on our platforms, including violations of our content guidelines involving incidents such as attempted electioninterference, activities that threaten the safety and/or well-being of our users on- or offline, and the spreading of disinformation, among otherchallenges.If we fail to either detect and prevent an increase in problematic content or effectively promote high-quality content, it could hurt ourreputation for delivering relevant information or reduce use of our platforms, harming our financial condition or operating results. It may alsosubject us to litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention,and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight.Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may beable to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expensesand the loss of users and advertisers.Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significantbandwidth to work effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internetaccess marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-ownedservice providers. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase thecost of user access to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, bycharging increased fees to us or our users to provide our offerings, or by providing our competitors preferential access. Some jurisdictions haveadopted regulations prohibiting certain forms of discrimination by internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists in the UnitedStates and elsewhere regarding such protections. For example, in 2018 the United States Federal Communications Commission repealed netneutrality rules, which could permit internet access providers to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products andservices. In addition, in some jurisdictions, our products and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages.COVID-19 has also resulted in quarantines, shelter in place orders, and work from home directives, all of which have increased demands forinternet access and may create access challenges. These could result in a loss of existing users, customers and advertisers, goodwill, andincreased costs, and could impair our ability to attract new users, customers and advertisers, thereby harming our business.Risks Related to Laws and RegulationsWe face increased regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in regulatory conditions, laws and policies governing a wide range oftopics that may negatively affect our business.We and other companies in the technology industry face increased regulatory scrutiny, enforcement action, and other proceedings. Forinstance, the U.S. Department of Justice, joined by a number of state Attorneys General, filed an antitrust complaint against Google on October20, 2020, alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. Separately, on December 16, 2020, anumber of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaint against Google in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas,alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws as well as state deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology. Various otherregulatory agencies in the United States and around the world, including competition enforcers, consumer protection agencies, data protectionauthorities, grand juries, inter-agency consultative groups, and a range of other governmental bodies have and continue to review our productsand services and their compliance with laws and regulations around the world. We continue to cooperate with these investigations. Various laws,regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have in the past and may in the future result in substantial fines andpenalties, injunctive relief, ongoing auditing and monitoring16Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral litigation, all of which couldharm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Changes in international and local social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide rangeof topics may increase our cost of doing business, limit our ability to pursue certain business models, offer products or services in certainjurisdictions, or cause us to change our business practices. We have in the past had to alter or withdraw certain products and services as aresult of laws or regulations that made them unfeasible, and new laws or regulations, such as the News Media Bargaining Code drafted by theAustralian Competition and Consumer Commission currently tabled in parliament, could result in our having to alter or withdraw products andservices in the future. These additional costs of doing business, new limitations or changes to our business model or practices could harm ourbusiness, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business.We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations (ornew interpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our practices) may make our products andservices less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products and services, require us to incur substantialcosts, expose us to civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These laws and regulations are evolving and involvematters central to our business, including, among others:•New competition laws and related regulations around the world, that can limit certain business practices, and in some cases, create therisk of significant penalties.•Privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 that came into effect in January of 2020 and the California PrivacyRights Act which will go into effect in 2023, both of which give new data privacy rights to California residents, and SB-327 in California,which regulates the security of data in connection with internet connected devices.•Data protection laws passed by many states within the U.S. and by certain countries regarding notification to data subjects and/orregulators when there is a security breach of personal data.•New laws further restricting the collection, processing and/or sharing of advertising-related data.•Copyright or similar laws around the world, including the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (EUCD) of April 17, 2019,which EU Member States must implement by June 7, 2021; and the News Media Bargaining Code drafted by the Australian Competitionand Consumer Commission. These and similar laws that have been adopted or proposed introduce new constraining licensing regimesthat could affect our ability to operate. The EUCD and similar laws could increase the liability of some content-sharing services withrespect to content uploaded by their users. Some of these laws, as well as follow-on administrative or judicial actions, have also createdor may create a new property right in news publications that limits the ability of some online services to interact with or present suchcontent. They may also impose compensation negotiations with news agencies and publishers for the use of such content, which mayresult in payment obligations that significantly exceed the value that such content provides to Google and its users.•Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processedwithin that country.•Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution of certain materials to children and regulate the ability of online servicesto collect information from minors.•Various laws with regard to content removal and disclosure obligations, such as the Network Enforcement Act in Germany, which mayaffect our businesses and operations and may subject us to significant fines if such laws are interpreted and applied in a mannerinconsistent with our practices or when we may not proactively discover such content due to the scale of third-party content and thelimitations of existing technologies. Other countries, including Singapore, Australia, and the United Kingdom, have implemented or areconsidering similar legislation imposing penalties for failure to remove certain types of content.•Various legislative, litigation, and regulatory activity regarding our Google Play billing policies and business model, which could result inmonetary penalties, damages and/or prohibition.In addition, the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain and could harm our business. Forexample:17Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•We rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and Section 230 of the Communications DecencyAct in the United States and the E-Commerce Directive in Europe, against liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Anylegislation or court rulings affecting these safe harbors may adversely affect us. There are legislative proposals in both the US and EUthat could reduce our safe harbor protection.•Court decisions such as the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on May 13, 2014 on the ‘right to beforgotten,’ which allows individuals to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the contentwe can show to our users and impose significant operational burdens.The introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies, our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions we take maysubject us to additional laws and regulations. Our investment in a variety of new fields, such as healthcare and payment services, may expandthe scope of regulations that apply to our business. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are high and are likely to increasein the future. Any failure on our part to comply with laws and regulations can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time andeffort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings that may harm our business, financialcondition, and operating results.We are subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security,consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered byadvertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due to our manufacturing and sale of an expanded suite of products, includinghardware as well as Google Cloud offerings, we also are subject to a variety of claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumerprotection claims related to product defects, among other litigation. We may also be subject to claims involving health and safety, hazardousmaterials usage, other environmental impacts, or service disruptions or failures.Any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources,negative publicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significantjudgment. The resolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties,injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.Our products and services let users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in variousonline activities. We also place advertisements displayed on other companies’ websites, and we offer third-party products, services, and/orcontent. The law relating to the liability of online service providers for others’ activities on their services is still somewhat unsettled around theworld. Claims have been brought against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright and trademark infringement, unfaircompetition, unlawful activity, torts, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of information available on or via our services.We may be subject to claims by virtue of our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to contentcreated by third parties. Defense of any such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and otherresources, may result in monetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Adverse interpretations of these laws could harmour business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protectionand limits on encryption of user data. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, or regulation could result in fines and orders requiring that we change ourdata practices, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide services, harming our business operations. Complying with theseevolving laws could result in substantial costs and harm the quality of our products and services, negatively affecting our business, and may beparticularly challenging during certain times, such as a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19).Recent legal developments in Europe have created compliance uncertainty regarding transfers of personal data from Europe to the UnitedStates. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the EUor related to products and services that we offer to EU18Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.users or customers, or the monitoring of their behavior in the EU. The GDPR creates a range of new compliance obligations.Ensuring compliance with the GDPR is an ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs, and despite our efforts, governmentalauthorities or others have asserted and may continue to assert that our business practices fail to comply with its requirements. If our operationsare found to violate GDPR requirements, we may incur substantial fines, have to change our business practices, and face reputational harm, anyof which could have an adverse effect on our business. In particular, serious breaches of the GDPR can result in administrative fines of up to 4%of annual worldwide revenues. Fines of up to 2% of annual worldwide revenues can be levied for other specified violations.The EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks allow U.S. companies that self-certify to the U.S. Department of Commerceand publicly commit to comply with specified requirements to import personal data from the EU and Switzerland. Recently, the CJEU ruled thatthe EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an invalid transfer mechanism, but upheld Standard Contractual Clauses as a valid transfer mechanism, providedthey meet certain requirements. The validity of data transfer mechanisms remains subject to legal, regulatory, and political developments in bothEurope and the U.S., such as recent recommendations from the European Data Protection Board, the invalidation of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shieldand potential invalidation of other data transfer mechanisms, which could have a significant adverse impact on our ability to process and transferpersonal data outside of the EEA.These developments create some uncertainty, and compliance obligations could cause us to incur costs or harm the operations of ourproducts and services in ways that harm our business.We face, and may continue to face intellectual property and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significantdamage awards or other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.We, like other internet, technology and media companies, are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or otherviolations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent-holding companies may frequently seek to generate income from patents they haveobtained by bringing claims against us. As we have grown, the number of intellectual property claims against us has increased and may continueto increase as we develop new products, services, and technologies.We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,services, and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Other parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us byfiling claims in U.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders, whichcould limit our ability to sell our products or services in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliersare found to infringe the intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of monetarydamages, costly royalty or licensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from offering certain features,functionalities, products, or services. They may also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringingproducts, services, or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business.Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to defend against certain intellectualproperty infringement claims and in some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which couldresult in increased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customersand partners may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could resultin loss of revenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, whenobtainable, may not cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers arising from intellectual property infringement claims.Furthermore, in connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potentialliabilities, including those associated with intellectual property claims.Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive to litigate or settle. To the extent suchclaims are successful, they may harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, or operating results.Risks Related to Ownership of our StockWe cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or will enhance long-term stockholder value,and share repurchases could increase the volatility of our stock prices and could diminish our cash reserves.19Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We engage in share repurchases of our Class C capital stock from time to time in accordance with authorizations from the Board ofDirectors of Alphabet. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet to repurchase any specificdollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Further, our share repurchases could affect our share trading prices, increase theirvolatility, reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of ourstock.The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.Our Class B common stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A common stock has one vote per share, and our Class C capital stock hasno voting rights. As of December 31, 2020, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 85.3% of our outstanding Class Bcommon stock, which represented approximately 51.5% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership,Larry and Sergey have significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significantcorporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because our Class Ccapital stock carries no voting rights (except as required by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C capital stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equity incentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey’s current relative voting powerand their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine the outcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Thisconcentrated control limits or severely restricts other stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and we may take actions that some ofour stockholders do not view as beneficial, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock.Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may considerfavorable.Provisions in Alphabet’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control orchanges in our management. These provisions include the following:•Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry and Sergey havesignificant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporatetransactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or our assets. This concentrated control could discourage others frominitiating any potential merger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial. As notedabove, the issuance of the Class C capital stock could have the effect of continuing the influence of Larry and Sergey.•Our Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or theresignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board of Directors.•Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not beable to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.•Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders toelect director candidates.•Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors or to propose matters that canbe acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitationof proxies to elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.•Our Board of Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock. The ability to issueundesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights orpreferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us.As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may notengage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for threeyears or, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. Our Board of Directors could rely on Delaware law to preventor delay an acquisition of us.20Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.General RisksThe continuing impacts of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect on ourbusiness, operations and our future financial performance.Since COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, governments and municipalities around the world haveinstituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travelrestrictions, and closure of non-essential businesses. The macroeconomic impacts on our business continue to evolve and be unpredictable andmay continue to adversely affect our business, operations and financial performance. As a result of the scale of the ongoing pandemic and thespeed at which the global community has been impacted, our revenue growth rate and expense as a percentage of our revenues in futureperiods may differ significantly from our historical rate, and our future operating results may fall below expectations.The future impacts of the ongoing pandemic on our business, operations and future financial performance could include, but are not limitedto:•Significant decline in advertising revenues as advertiser spending slows due to an economic downturn. This decline in advertisingrevenues could persist through and beyond a recessionary period. In addition, we may experience a significant and prolonged shift inuser behavior such as a shift in interests to less commercial topics.•Significant decline in other revenues due to a decline or shifts in customer demand. For example, if consumer demand for electronicssignificantly declines, our hardware revenues could be significantly impacted.•Adverse impacts to our operating income, operating margin, net income, EPS and respective growth rates - particularly if expenses donot decrease across Alphabet at the same pace as revenue declines. Many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may notcorrelate to changes in revenues, including costs associated with our data centers and facilities as well as employee compensation. Assuch, we may not be able to decrease them significantly in the short-term, or we may choose not to significantly reduce them in an effortto remain focused on long-term outlook and investment opportunities.•Significant decline in our operating cash flows as a result of decreased advertiser spending and deterioration in the credit quality andliquidity of our customers, which could adversely affect our accounts receivable. Investing cash flows could decrease due to slowingspend on data center and facilities construction projects due to a slowing or stopping of construction or significant restrictions placed onconstruction.•The prolonged and broad-based shift to a remote working environment continues to create inherent productivity, connectivity, andoversight challenges and could affect our ability to enhance, develop and support existing products and services, detect and preventspam and problematic content, hold product sales and marketing events, and generate new sales leads, among others. In addition, thechanged environment under which we are operating could have an effect on our internal controls over financial reporting as well as ourability to meet a number of our compliance requirements in a timely or quality manner. Additional and/or extended, governmentallockdowns, restrictions or new regulations could significantly impact the ability of our employees and vendors to work productively.Governmental restrictions have been globally inconsistent and it remains unclear when a return to worksite locations or travel will bepermitted or what restrictions will be in place in those environments. As we prepare to return our workforce in more locations back to theoffice in 2021, we may experience increased costs as we prepare our facilities for a safe return to work environment and experiment withhybrid work models, in addition to potential effects on our ability to compete effectively and maintain our corporate culture.Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short ofexpectations.Our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control.As a result, comparing our operating results (including our expenses as a percentage of our revenues) on a period-to-period basis may notbe meaningful, and you should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. Our operating results in future quartersmay fall below expectations. Any of these events could cause our stock price to fall. Each of the risk factors listed under this Item 1A in additionto the following factors may affect our operating results:•Our ability to attract user and/or customer adoption of, and generate significant revenues from, new products, services, and technologiesin which we have invested considerable time and resources.21Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Our ability to monetize traffic on Google Search & other properties, YouTube and our Google Network Members' properties acrossvarious devices.•The amount and timing of operating costs and expenses and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of ourbusinesses, operations, and infrastructure.•Our focus on long-term goals over short-term results.•The results of our acquisitions, divestitures, and our investments in risky projects, including new businesses, products, services, andtechnologies.•Our ability to keep our products and services operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions.•The seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising spending, and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality.Our rapid growth has tended to mask the cyclicality and seasonality of our business. As our growth rate has slowed, the cyclicality andseasonality in our business has become more pronounced and caused our operating results to fluctuate.•Geopolitical events, including trade disputes.•Changes in global business or macroeconomic conditions.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequencesthat may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, andthese transactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter intodiscussions regarding a wide array of such potential strategic transactions, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties andexpenditures. Some of the areas where we face risks include:•Diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategictransactions.•Failure to successfully integrate and further develop the acquired business or technology.•Implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company.•Integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resource, and other administrative systems, and coordination of product,engineering, and sales and marketing functions.•Transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms.•Failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval thatcould, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expectedfinancial or strategic goals of a transaction.•In the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particulareconomic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.•Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from the acquired company into our organization, and retention of employeesfrom the businesses we acquire.•Liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data privacyand security issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, and other known and unknown liabilities.•Litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, formerstockholders, or other third parties.Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategictransactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt,contingent liabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any ofwhich could harm our financial condition or operating results.22Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may not materialize. In connection with ourdivestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, which may harm our financialcondition or operating results.If we were to lose the services of key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. For instance,Sundar Pichai is critical to the overall management of Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays an important role in the development of ourtechnology, maintaining our culture and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, andwe do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business.We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintainour corporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our ability to compete effectively and our futuresuccess depends on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization.Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition,our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retainingand motivating our existing employees. Restrictive immigration policy and regulatory changes may also impact our ability to hire, mobilize orretain some of our global talent.In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows and evolves, wemay need to implement more complex organizational management structures or adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changing circumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic (including COVID-19), and these changes could impact ourability to compete effectively or have an adverse impact on our corporate culture.We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investments and, in some instances, our financial statementsincorporate valuation methodologies that are subjective in nature resulting in fluctuations over time.The market value of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity, credit deterioration or losses, performance and financial resultsof the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, including changes that may result from the implementation of newbenchmark rates, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, or other factors. The effect of COVID-19 on ourimpairment assessment for non-marketable investments requires significant judgment due to the uncertainty around the duration and severity ofthe impact.We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensationawards settled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on anonrecurring basis. The determination of fair value involves use of appropriate valuation methods and certain unobservable inputs, requiremanagement judgment and estimation, and may change over time.We adjust the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments to fair value for observable transactions of identical or similarinvestments of the same issuer or for impairments. All gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities, realized and unrealized, arerecognized in other income (expense), which increases the volatility of our other income (expense). The unrealized gains and losses we recordon our non-marketable equity securities in any particular period may differ significantly from the realized gains or losses we ultimately experienceon such investments.As a result of these factors, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents, as well as our marketable and non-marketable securities coulddecline and result in a material impairment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional taxliabilities.Our future income taxes could be negatively affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory taxrates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities oncertain hedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, changes in thevaluation of our deferred tax23Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.assets or liabilities, the application of different provisions of tax laws or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles (includingchanges in the interpretation of existing laws), as well as certain discrete items.In addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and mayin the future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions, including in Europe, on various tax-related assertions, such as transfer-pricingadjustments or permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operatingresults and financial condition and could require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. It may also subject usto additional litigation and regulatory inquiries, resulting in the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, the determination of ourworldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations forwhich the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ fromthe amounts recorded in our financial statements and may affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination ismade.Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject tosignificant changes in ways that impair our financial results. Various jurisdictions around the world have enacted or are considering digitalservices taxes, which could lead to inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The Organization for EconomicCooperation and Development (OECD) recently released proposals relating to its initiative for modernizing international tax rules, with the goal ofhaving different countries implement a modernized and aligned international tax framework, but there can be no guarantee that this will occur.In addition, in response to significant market volatility and disruptions to business operations resulting from the global spread of COVID-19,legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate may propose changes to their tax rules. These changes couldinclude modifications that have temporary effect, and more permanent changes. The impact of these potential new rules on us, our long-term taxplanning, and our effective tax rate could be material.The trading price for our Class A common stock and non-voting Class C capital stock may continue to be volatile.The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile.In addition to the factors discussed in this report, the trading price of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock may fluctuatewidely in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others announcements by us or our competitorsof acquisitions, divestitures, investments, new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships, or capital commitments;recommendations by securities analysts or changes in their earnings estimates; announcements about our or our competitors' earnings that arenot in line with analyst expectations, the risk of which is enhanced, in our case, because it is our policy not to give guidance on earnings;commentary by industry and market professionals about our products, strategies, and other matters affecting our business and results,regardless of its accuracy; the volume of shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock available for public sale; sales of Class Acommon stock and Class C capital stock by us or by our stockholders (including sales by our directors, executive officers, and other employees);short sales, hedging, and other derivative transactions on shares of our Class A common stock and Class C capital stock; the size, timing andshare class of any share repurchase program; and the perceived values of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock relative to oneanother.In addition, the stock market in general, which can be affected by various factors, including overall economic and political conditions, andthe market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated ordisproportionate to the operating performance of those companies.These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A common stock and our Class C capital stock,regardless of our actual operating performance.ITEM 1B.UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTSNot applicable.24Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 2.PROPERTIESOur headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We also own and lease office and building space in the surrounding areas nearour headquarters, which we believe is sufficient to accommodate anticipated future growth. In addition, we own and lease office/building spaceand research and development sites around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia. We own and operate datacenters in the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition andsuitable for the conduct of our business.ITEM 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSFor a description of our material pending legal proceedings, please see Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated FinancialStatements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 4.MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURESNot applicable.25Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIITEM 5.MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OFEQUITY SECURITIESAs of October 2, 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer of Google Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. OurClass A common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since August 19, 2004 and under thesymbol "GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B common stock is neitherlisted nor traded. Our Class C capital stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since April 3, 2014.Holders of RecordAs of December 31, 2020, there were approximately 4,337 and 1,942 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and Class Ccapital stock, respectively. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock are held by brokers and otherinstitutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As ofDecember 31, 2020, there were approximately 64 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.Dividend PolicyWe have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest forthe long term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace and form of capital return tostockholders.Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesThe following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class C capital stock during the quarter endedDecember 31, 2020:PeriodTotal Number of SharesPurchased(in thousands) (1)Average Price Paid per Share(2)Total Number of SharesPurchased as Part of PubliclyAnnounced Programs(in thousands) (1)Approximate Dollar Value ofShares that May Yet BePurchased Under the Program(in millions)October 1 - 311,869 $1,540.84 1,869 $22,667 November 1 - 301,640 $1,748.65 1,640 $19,799 December 1 - 311,205 $1,787.62 1,205 $17,645 Total4,714 4,714     The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through openmarket purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date.Please refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additionalinformation related to share repurchases.    Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.(1)(2)26Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Stock Performance GraphsThe graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on common stock with the cumulative totalreturns of the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a$100 investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2015 to December 31,2020. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS A COMMON STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2015 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.©27Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 5-Year total shareholder return on capital stock with the cumulative totalreturns of the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a$100 investment in our Class C capital stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2015 toDecember 31, 2020. The returns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS C CAPITAL STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2015 in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright 2020 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.©28Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 6.SELECTED FINANCIAL DATAThe following selected consolidated financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis ofFinancial Condition and Results of Operations” and our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in Item 8 “FinancialStatements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results tobe expected in any future period. Year Ended December 31, 20162017201820192020 (in millions, except per share amounts)Consolidated Statements of Income Data:Revenues$90,272 $110,855 $136,819 $161,857 $182,527 Income from operations$23,737 $26,178 $27,524 $34,231 $41,224 Net income$19,478 $12,662 $30,736 $34,343 $40,269 Basic net income per share of Class A and Bcommon stock$28.32 $18.27 $44.22 $49.59 $59.15 Basic net income per share of Class C capital stock$28.32 $18.27 $44.22 $49.59 $59.15 Diluted net income per share of Class A and Bcommon stock$27.85 $18.00 $43.70 $49.16 $58.61 Diluted net income per share of Class C capital stock$27.85 $18.00 $43.70 $49.16 $58.61  As of December 31, 20162017201820192020 (in millions)Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities$86,333 $101,871 $109,140 $119,675 $136,694 Total assets$167,497 $197,295 $232,792 $275,909 $319,616 Total long-term liabilities$11,705 $20,610 $20,544 $29,246 $40,238 Total stockholders’ equity$139,036 $152,502 $177,628 $201,442 $222,544 29Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSPlease read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidatedfinancial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.We have omitted discussion of 2018 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2019Annual Report on Form 10-K.Trends in Our BusinessThe following long-term trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue toaffect our future results:•Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenuegrowth, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.•Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertisingrevenues are increasingly coming from new formats.Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities, such as smartphones, wearables and smart home devices, andwant to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of thesetrends in order to maintain and grow our business.We generate our advertising revenues increasingly from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats, and themargins from the advertising revenues from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktopsearch. Additionally, as the market for a particular device type or modality matures, our revenues may be affected. For example, growth in theglobal smartphone market has slowed due to various factors, including increased market saturation in developed countries, which can affect ourmobile advertising revenue growth rates.We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners and Google Network Members to increase as our revenues grow and to be affected bychanges in device mix; geographic mix; partner mix; partner agreement terms; the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;product mix; the relative revenue growth rates of advertising revenues from different channels; and revenue share terms.We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenue growth rates and put pressure on our overall margins.•As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may affect our monetization.As interactions between users and advertisers change and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our productofferings to serve their changing needs. Over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. For example, we have seen an increase inYouTube ads and Google Play ads, which monetize at a lower rate than our traditional search ads.•As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increaseand movements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues.The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emergingmarkets, such as India, where we continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programsuseful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time, as regions withemerging markets, such as APAC, have demonstrated higher revenue growth rates. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by ourperformance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could impact our margins asdeveloping markets initially monetize at a lower rate than more mature markets.Our international revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange ratesrelative to the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations,this program does not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.30Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•The portion of our revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing and may affect margins.Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings to our usersthrough products and services like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. Across these initiatives, wecurrently derive non-advertising revenues primarily from sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensingand service fees, including fees received for Google Cloud services and subscription and other services. The margins on these revenues varysignificantly and may be lower than the margins on our advertising revenues. A number of our Other Bets initiatives are in their initialdevelopment stages, and as such, the sources of revenues from these businesses could change over time and the revenues could be volatile.•As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures.We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, aswell as in new products and services. In addition, we expect to continue to invest in land and buildings for data centers and offices, andinformation technology assets, which includes servers and network equipment, to support the long-term growth of our business.In addition, acquisitions and strategic investments are an important part of our strategy and use of capital, contributing to the breadth anddepth of our offerings, expanding our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, and building strong partnerships around strategicinitiatives. For example, in 2020 we announced our Google for India Digitization Fund to invest approximately $10 billion into India over the next5-7 years through a mix of equity investments, partnerships, and operational, infrastructure and ecosystem investments.•We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws and public policies, which could impact our business practices andfinancial results.Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and relatedlegal matters have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices. As these global trends continue, for example the recentantitrust complaints filed by the U.S. Department of Justice and a number of state Attorneys General as well as the News Media BargainingCode drafted by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, our cost of doing business may increase and our ability to pursuecertain business models or offer certain products or services may be limited.•Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employeesaround the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees.The Impact of COVID-19 on our Results and OperationsIn late 2019, an outbreak of COVID-19 emerged and by March 11, 2020 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization.Across the United States and the world, governments and municipalities instituted measures in an effort to control the spread of COVID-19,including quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, school closings, travel restrictions and the closure of non-essential businesses. Themacroeconomic impacts of COVID-19 are significant and continue to evolve, as exhibited by, among other things, a rise in unemployment,changes in consumer behavior, and market volatility.We began to observe the impact of COVID-19 and the related reductions in global economic activity on our financial results in March 2020when, despite an increase in users' search activity, our advertising revenues declined compared to the prior year due to a shift of user searchactivity to less commercial topics and reduced spending by our advertisers. During the course of the quarter ended June 30, 2020, we observeda gradual return in user search activity to more commercial topics, followed by increased spending by our advertisers that continued throughoutthe second half of 2020.We continue to assess the realized and potential credit deterioration of our customers due to changes in the macroeconomic environment,which has been reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. Additionally, over the course of the year we experiencedvariability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues, including costsassociated with our data centers and facilities as well as employee compensation. Also, market volatility has contributed to fluctuations in thevaluation of our equity investments.31Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.While we continued to make investments in land and buildings for data centers, offices and information technology, in 2020 we slowed thepace of our investments, primarily as it relates to office facilities, as a result of COVID-19.The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on our business continues to evolve and be unpredictable. For example, to the extent the pandemicdisrupts economic activity globally we, like other businesses, are not immune to continued adverse impacts to our business, operations andfinancial results from volatility in advertising spending, changes in user behavior and preferences, credit deterioration and liquidity of ourcustomers, depressed economic activity, or volatility in capital markets. The ongoing impact will depend on a number of factors, including theduration and severity of the pandemic; the uneven impact to certain industries; advances in testing, treatment and prevention including vaccines;and the macroeconomic impact of government measures to contain the spread of the virus and related government stimulus measures.To address the potential impact to our business, over the near-term, we continue to evaluate the pace of our investment plans, including,but not limited to, our hiring, investments in data centers, servers, network equipment, real estate and facilities, marketing and travel spending,as well as taking certain measures to support our customers, our overall workforce, and communities we operate in. As we look to return ourworkforce in more locations back to the office in 2021, we may experience increased costs as we prepare our facilities for a safe return to workenvironment and experiment with hybrid work models. At the same time, we believe the current environment is accelerating digital transformationand we remain focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses. For example, as it relates to GoogleCloud, we continue to invest aggressively around the globe in our go-to-market capabilities, product development and technical infrastructure tosupport long term growth. The ongoing impact of COVID-19 and the extent of these measures we have taken and the additional measures thatwe may implement could have a material impact on our financial results. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, andhistorical trends in our financial results may differ materially.Executive OverviewThe following table summarizes our consolidated financial results for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 (in millions, except forper share information and percentages).Year Ended December 31,20192020Revenues$161,857 $182,527 Increase in revenues year over year18 %13 %Increase in constant currency revenues year over year20 %14 %Operating income$34,231 $41,224 Operating margin21 %23 %Other income (expense), net$5,394 $6,858 Net Income$34,343 $40,269 Diluted EPS$49.16 $58.61     Results for 2019 include the effect of the $1.7 billion EC fine. See Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 ofthis Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.•Total revenues were $182.5 billion, an increase of 13% year over year, primarily driven by an increase in Google Services segmentrevenues of $16.8 billion or 11% and an increase in Google Cloud segment revenues of $4.1 billion or 46%. Revenues from the UnitedStates, EMEA, APAC, and Other Americas were $85.0 billion, $55.4 billion, $32.6 billion, and $9.4 billion, respectively.•Total cost of revenues was $84.7 billion, an increase of 18% year over year. TAC was $32.8 billion, an increase of 9% year over year,primarily driven by an increase in revenues subject to TAC. Other cost of revenues were $51.9 billion, an increase of 24% year overyear, primarily driven by an increase in data centers and other operations costs and content acquisition costs.(1)(1)(1)(1)(1)32Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Operating expenses were $56.6 billion, an increase of 5% year over year primarily driven by headcount growth and partially offset bydeclines in advertising and promotional expenses and travel and entertainment expenses.Other information:•Operating cash flow was $65.1 billion.•Capital expenditures, which primarily included investments in technical infrastructure, were $22.3 billion.•Number of employees was 135,301 as of December 31, 2020. The majority of new hires during the year were engineers and productmanagers.Our SegmentsBeginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, we report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets:•Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, andYouTube. Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, andhardware; and fees received for subscription-based products such as YouTube Premium and YouTube TV.•Google Cloud includes Google’s infrastructure and data analytics platforms, collaboration tools, and other services for enterprisecustomers. Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from fees received for Google Cloud Platform ("GCP") services and GoogleWorkspace (formerly known as G Suite) collaboration tools.•Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from the Other Bets are derivedprimarily through the sale of internet services as well as licensing and R&D services.Unallocated corporate costs primarily include corporate initiatives, corporate shared costs, such as finance and legal, including fines andsettlements, as well as costs associated with certain shared research and development activities. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related torevenue are included in corporate costs.Financial ResultsRevenuesThe following table presents our revenues by type (in millions).Year Ended December 31,20192020Google Search & other$98,115 $104,062 YouTube ads15,149 19,772 Google Network Members' properties21,547 23,090 Google advertising134,811 146,924 Google other17,014 21,711 Google Services total151,825 168,635 Google Cloud8,918 13,059 Other Bets659 657 Hedging gains (losses)455 176 Total revenues$161,857 $182,527 Google ServicesGoogle advertising revenuesOur advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search & other properties and thechange in impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network Members' properties and the correlation between these items, have beenaffected and may continue to be affected by various factors, including:•advertiser competition for keywords;•changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy;33Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•changes in device mix;•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;•fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;•general economic conditions including the impact of COVID-19;•seasonality; and•traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.Our advertising revenue growth rate has been affected over time as a result of a number of factors, including challenges in maintaining ourgrowth rate as revenues increase to higher levels; changes in our product mix; changes in advertising quality or formats and delivery; theevolution of the online advertising market; increasing competition; our investments in new business strategies; query growth rates; and shifts inthe geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, theacceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices and modalities, our ability to create a seamlessexperience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates.Google advertising revenues consist primarily of the following:•Google Search & other consists of revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated bysearch distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.) and other Google owned andoperated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;•YouTube ads consists of revenues generated on YouTube properties; and•Google Network Members' properties consist of revenues generated on Google Network Members' properties participating in AdMob,AdSense, and Google Ad Manager.Google Search & otherGoogle Search & other revenues increased $5,947 million from 2019 to 2020. The overall growth was primarily driven by interrelatedfactors including increases in search queries resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices, growth inadvertiser spending primarily in the second half of the year, and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. This increase waspartially offset by a decline in advertiser spending primarily in the first half of the year driven by the impact of COVID-19.YouTube adsYouTube ads revenues increased $4,623 million from 2019 to 2020. Growth was primarily driven by our direct response advertisingproducts, which benefited from improvements to ad formats and delivery and increased advertiser spending. Brand advertising products alsocontributed to growth despite revenues being adversely impacted by a decline in advertiser spending primarily in the first half of the year drivenby the impact of COVID-19.Google Network Members' propertiesGoogle Network Members' properties revenues increased $1,543 million from 2019 to 2020. The growth was primarily driven by strength inAdMob and Google Ad Manager.Use of Monetization MetricsPaid clicks for our Google Search & other properties represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users onGoogle search properties and other owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Historically, we includedcertain viewed YouTube engagement ads and the related revenues in our paid clicks and cost-per-click monetization metrics. Over time,advertising on YouTube has expanded to multiple advertising formats and the type of viewed engagement ads historically included in paid clicksand cost-per-click metrics have increasingly covered a smaller portion of YouTube advertising revenues. As a result, we removed these ads andthe related revenues from the paid clicks and cost-per-click metrics for the current and historical periods presented. The revised metrics providea better understanding of monetization trends on the properties included within Google Search & other, as they now more closely correlate withthe related changes in revenues.Impressions for our Google Network Members' properties include impressions displayed to users served on Google Network Members'properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense and Google Ad Manager.Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we chargeadvertisers for each engagement by users.34Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions and representsthe average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number ofpaid clicks on our Google Search & other properties and the number of impressions on Google Network Members’ properties and for identifyingthe revenues generated by click activity on our Google Search & other properties and the revenues generated by impression activity on GoogleNetwork Members’ properties.Paid clicks and cost-per-clickThe following table presents changes in our paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Paid clicks change23 %19 %Cost-per-click change(6)%(10)%Paid clicks increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to an increase in clicks due to interrelated factors, resulting from ongoing growth inuser adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices; continued growth in advertiser activity; and improvements we have made in ad formatsand delivery. Growth was also driven by an increase in clicks relating to ads on Google Play. The positive effect on our revenues from anincrease in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. The decrease in cost-per-click wasprimarily driven by reduced advertiser spending in response to COVID-19 primarily during the first half of the year. The decrease in cost-per-clickwas also affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S.dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Paid clicks increased from 2018 to 2019 primarily due to an increase in clicks due to interrelated factors, including an increase in searchqueries resulting from ongoing growth in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices; continued growth in advertiser activity; andimprovements we have made in ad formats and delivery. Growth was also driven by an increase in clicks relating to ads on Google Play. Thepositive effect on our revenues from an increase in paid clicks was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-click paid by our advertisers. Thedecrease in cost-per-click was driven by changes in device mix, geographic mix, ongoing product changes, product mix, property mix, andfluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Impressions and cost-per-impressionThe following table presents changes in our impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed as a percentage): Year Ended December 31, 2020Impressions change15 %Cost-per-impression change(8)%Impressions increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to growth in Google Ad Manager. The positive effect on our revenues from anincrease in impressions was partially offset by a decrease in the cost-per-impression paid by our advertisers which was driven by a reduction inadvertiser spending in response to COVID-19, primarily during the first half of the year, as well as the effect of a combination of factors includingongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, changes in device mix, geographic mix,product mix, property mix, and fluctuations of the U.S. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies.Google other revenuesGoogle other revenues consist primarily of revenues from:•Google Play, which includes revenues from sales of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers) anddigital content sold in the Google Play store;•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;•YouTube non-advertising, including YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and•other products and services.35Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Google other revenues increased $4,697 million from 2019 to 2020. The growth was primarily driven by Google Play and YouTube non-advertising. Growth for Google Play was primarily driven by sales of apps and in-app purchases, which benefited from elevated userengagement partially due to the impact of COVID-19. Growth for YouTube non-advertising was primarily driven by an increase in paidsubscribers.Over time, our growth rate for Google other revenues may be affected by the seasonality associated with new product and service launchesas well as market dynamics.Google CloudOur Google Cloud revenues increased $4,141 million from 2019 to 2020. The growth was primarily driven by GCP followed by our GoogleWorkspace offerings. Our infrastructure and our data and analytics platform products were the largest drivers of growth in GCP.Over time, our growth rate for Google Cloud revenues may be affected by customer usage, market dynamics, as well as new product andservice launches.Revenues by GeographyThe following table presents our revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of ourcustomers: Year Ended December 31, 20192020United States46 %47 %EMEA31 %30 %APAC17 %18 %Other Americas6 %5 %For further details on revenues by geography, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 ofthis Annual Report on Form 10-K.Use of Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Percentage ChangeThe effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. Ourinternational revenues are favorably affected as the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably affected as theU.S. dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. Our revenues are also favorably affected by net hedging gains and unfavorablyaffected by net hedging losses.We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues and non-GAAP percentage change in constant currency revenues for financial andoperational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constantcurrency basis in addition to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") results helps improve the ability to understand ourperformance because they exclude the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. Wedefine constant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use itto determine the constant currency revenue percentage change on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated bytranslating current period revenues using prior period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.Constant currency revenue percentage change is calculated by determining the change in period revenues over prior period revenueswhere current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded fromrevenues of both periods.These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constantcurrency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure ofperformance presented in accordance with GAAP.36Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents the foreign exchange effect on our international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31,20192020EMEA revenues$50,645 $55,370 Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates2,397 (111)EMEA constant currency revenues$53,042 $55,259 Prior period EMEA revenues$44,739 $50,645 EMEA revenue percentage change13 %9 %EMEA constant currency revenue percentage change19 %9 %APAC revenues$26,928 $32,550 Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates388 11 APAC constant currency revenues$27,316 $32,561 Prior period APAC revenues$21,341 $26,928 APAC revenue percentage change26 %21 %APAC constant currency revenue percentage change28 %21 %Other Americas revenues$8,986 $9,417 Exclude foreign exchange effect on current period revenues using prior year rates541 964 Other Americas constant currency revenues$9,527 $10,381 Prior period Other Americas revenues$7,608 $8,986 Other Americas revenue percentage change18 %5 %Other Americas constant currency revenue percentage change25 %16 %United States revenues$74,843 $85,014 United States revenue percentage change18 %14 %Hedging gains (losses)455 176 Total revenues$161,857 $182,527 Total constant currency revenues$164,728 $183,215 Prior period revenues, excluding hedging effect$136,957 $161,402 Total revenue percentage change18 %13 %Total constant currency revenue percentage change20 %14 %    Total revenues and hedging gains (losses) for the year ended December 31, 2018 were $136,819 million and $(138) million, respectively.EMEA revenue percentage change from 2019 to 2020 was not significantly affected by foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due tothe U.S. dollar weakening relative to the Euro offset by the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira and Russian ruble.APAC revenue percentage change from 2019 to 2020 was not significantly affected by foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to theU.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Indian rupee, partially offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative to the Japanese yen.Other Americas revenue percentage change from 2019 to 2020 was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates,primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Brazilian real and Argentine peso.(1)(1)37Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Costs and Operating ExpensesCost of RevenuesCost of revenues includes TAC which are paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services, andamounts paid to Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties. Our distribution partners include browser providers,mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.The cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network Members' properties are significantlyhigher than the cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google properties (which includes Google Search& other and YouTube ads), because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network Members’ properties are paid as TACto our Google Network Members.Additionally, other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content fordistribution on YouTube advertising and subscription services and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based onrevenues generated or a flat fee);•Expenses associated with our data centers (including bandwidth, compensation expenses including stock-based compensation ("SBC"),depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs) as well as other operations costs (such as content review and customer supportcosts). These costs are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate with related changes in revenues; and•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.The following tables present our cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20192020TAC$30,089 $32,778 Other cost of revenues41,807 51,954 Total cost of revenues$71,896 $84,732 Total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues44.4 %46.4 %Cost of revenues increased $12,836 million from 2019 to 2020. The increase was due to increases in other cost of revenues and TAC of$10,147 million and $2,689 million, respectively.The increase in other cost of revenues from 2019 to 2020 was due to an increase in data center and other operations costs and anincrease in content acquisition costs primarily for YouTube. This increase was partially offset by a decline in hardware costs.The increase in TAC from 2019 to 2020 was due to increases in TAC paid to distribution partners and to Google Network Members, drivenby growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate was 22.3% in both 2019 and 2020. The TAC rate on Google properties revenues and theTAC rate on Google Network revenues were both substantially consistent from 2019 to 2020.Over time, cost of revenues as a percentage of total revenues may be affected by a number of factors, including the following:•The amount of TAC paid to distribution partners, which is affected by changes in device mix, geographic mix, partner mix, partneragreement terms such as revenue share arrangements, and the percentage of queries channeled through paid access points;•The amount of TAC paid to Google Network Members, which is affected by a combination of factors such as geographic mix, productmix, and revenue share terms;•Relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and Google Network Members' properties;•Certain costs that are less variable in nature and may not correlate with the related revenues;•Costs associated with our data centers and other operations to support ads, Google Cloud, Search, YouTube and other products;•Content acquisition costs, which are primarily affected by the relative growth rates in our YouTube advertising and subscriptionrevenues;•Costs related to hardware sales; and•Increased proportion of non-advertising revenues, which generally have higher costs of revenues, relative to our advertising revenues.38Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Research and DevelopmentThe following table presents our R&D expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Research and development expenses$26,018 $27,573 Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues16.1 %15.1 %R&D expenses consist primarily of:•Compensation expenses (including SBC) for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D of our existing and new productsand services;•Depreciation expenses;•Equipment-related expenses; and•Professional services fees primarily related to consulting and outsourcing services.R&D expenses increased $1,555 million from 2019 to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses of$1,619 million, largely resulting from a 11% increase in headcount and partially offset by higher compensation charges in certain Other Bets in2019. Additionally, the increase in R&D expenses was partially offset by a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses of $383 million.Over time, R&D expenses as a percentage of revenues may fluctuate due to certain expenses that are generally less variable in natureand may not correlate to the changes in revenues. In addition, R&D expenses may be affected by a number of factors including continuedinvestment in ads, Android, Chrome, Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, machine learning, Other Bets, Search and YouTube.Sales and MarketingThe following table presents our sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Sales and marketing expenses$18,464 $17,946 Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues11.4 %9.8 %Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of:•Advertising and promotional expenditures related to our products and services; and•Compensation expenses (including SBC) for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer servicefunctions.Sales and marketing expenses decreased $518 million from 2019 to 2020. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in advertisingand promotional expenses of $1,395 million, as we reduced spending and paused or rescheduled campaigns and changed some events todigital-only formats as a result of COVID-19, and a decrease in travel and entertainment expenses of $371 million. The decrease was partiallyoffset by an increase in compensation expenses of $1,347 million, largely resulting from an 8% increase in headcount.Over time, sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues may fluctuate due to certain expenses that are generally lessvariable in nature and may not correlate to the changes in revenues. In addition, sales and marketing expenses may be affected by a number offactors including the seasonality associated with new product and service launches and strategic decisions regarding the timing and extent ofour spending.General and AdministrativeThe following table presents our general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20192020General and administrative expenses$9,551 $11,052 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues5.9 %6.1 %General and administrative expenses consist primarily of:•Compensation expenses (including SBC) for employees in our finance, human resources, information technology, and legalorganizations;•Depreciation;39Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Equipment-related expenses;•Legal-related expenses; and•Professional services fees primarily related to audit, information technology consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.General and administrative expenses increased $1,501 million from 2019 to 2020. The increase was primarily due to an increase incompensation expenses of $887 million, largely resulting from a 16% increase in headcount. In addition, there was an increase of $440 millionrelated to allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable. The increase was partially offset by a $554 million charge recognized in 2019relating to a legal settlement.Over time, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues may fluctuate due to certain expenses that are generally lessvariable in nature and may not correlate to the changes in revenues, the effect of discrete items such as legal settlements, or allowances forcredit losses for accounts receivable.European Commission FinesIn March 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Searchpartners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) fine, which was accruedin the first quarter of 2019.Please refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K forfurther information.Segment ProfitabilityThe following table presents our segment operating income (loss) (in millions). For comparative purposes, amounts in prior periods havebeen recast.Year Ended December 31,201820192020Operating income (loss):Google Services$43,137 $48,999 $54,606 Google Cloud(4,348)(4,645)(5,607)Other Bets(3,358)(4,824)(4,476)Corporate costs, unallocated(7,907)(5,299)(3,299)Total income from operations$27,524 $34,231 $41,224     Corporate costs, unallocated includes a fine of $5.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018 and a fine and legal settlement totaling $2.3 billion for theyear ended December 31, 2019.Google ServicesGoogle services operating income increased $5,607 million from 2019 to 2020. The increase was primarily driven by an increase inrevenues partially offset by increases in content acquisition costs primarily for YouTube, data center and other operations costs, and TAC.Additionally, there was an increase in operating expenses primarily driven by an increase in compensation expenses (including SBC) largely dueto increases in headcount. Operating income benefited from a decline in hardware costs.Google services operating income increased $5,862 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase was primarily driven by an increase inrevenues partially offset by increases in TAC, data center and other operations costs, and content acquisition costs primarily for YouTube.Additionally, there was an increase in operating expenses primarily driven by an increase in compensation expenses (including SBC) largely dueto an increase in headcount.Google CloudGoogle Cloud operating loss increased $962 million from 2019 to 2020 and increased $297 million from 2018 to 2019. The increase inoperating loss in both periods was driven by an increase in total expenses of $5,103 million from 2019 to 2020 and $3,377 million from 2018 to2019. Operating expenses increased primarily due to compensation expenses (including SBC), largely driven by an increase in headcount.Additionally, data center and other operating costs increased in both periods.Other BetsOther Bets operating loss decreased $348 million from 2019 to 2020 and increased $1,466 million from 2018 to 2019. The fluctuations wereprimarily driven by compensation expenses (including SBC).(1)(1)40Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Other Income (Expense), NetThe following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Other income (expense), net$5,394 $6,858 Other income (expense), net, increased $1,464 million from 2019 to 2020. The change was primarily driven by an increase in net gains onequity and debt securities of $3,519 million, partially offset by a $902 million loss resulting from our equity derivatives, which hedged the changesin fair value of certain marketable equity securities, and a decrease in interest income of $562 million.Over time, other income (expense), net, may be affected by market dynamics and other factors. Equity values generally change daily formarketable equity securities and upon the occurrence of observable price changes or upon impairment of non-marketable equity securities. Inaddition, volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets, including the effects of COVID-19, could result in a significant change inthe value of our investments. Fluctuations in the value of these investments has, and we expect will continue to, contribute to volatility of OI&E infuture periods. For additional information about our investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Provision for Income TaxesThe following table presents our provision for income taxes (in millions, except for effective tax rate): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Provision for income taxes$5,282 $7,813 Effective tax rate13.3 %16.2 %Our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate increased from 2019 to 2020. The increase in the provision for income taxes andour effective tax rate is primarily due to benefits related to the resolution of multi-year audits in 2019 that did not recur in 2020, higher earnings incountries that have higher statutory rates resulting from the change in our corporate legal entity structure implemented as of December 31, 2019,and an increase in valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized relating to certain of our Other Bets, partiallyoffset by an increase in the U.S. federal Foreign-Derived Intangible Income tax deduction benefits.See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for furtherinformation.We expect our future effective tax rate to be affected by the geographic mix of earnings in countries with different statutory rates.Additionally, our future effective tax rate may be affected by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in taxlaws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.41Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Quarterly Results of OperationsThe following tables presenting our quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statementsand related notes included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have prepared the unaudited information on the same basisas our audited consolidated financial statements. Our operating results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results for any futurequarters or for a full year.The following table presents our unaudited quarterly results of operations for the eight quarters ended December 31, 2020. This tableincludes all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, that we consider necessary for a fair presentation of our consolidatedfinancial position and operating results for the quarters presented. Seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures,underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality and macroeconomic conditions have affected, and are likely to continue toaffect, our business (including developments and volatility arising from COVID-19). Commercial queries typically increase significantly in thefourth quarter of each year. These seasonal trends have caused, and will likely continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, includingfluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. Quarter Ended Mar 31,2019Jun 30,2019Sept 30,2019Dec 31,2019Mar 31,2020Jun 30,2020Sept 30,2020Dec 31,2020(In millions, except per share amounts) (unaudited)Consolidated Statements of Income Data:Revenues$36,339 $38,944 $40,499 $46,075 $41,159 $38,297 $46,173 56,898 Costs and expenses:Cost of revenues16,012 17,296 17,568 21,020 18,982 18,553 21,117 26,080 Research and development6,029 6,213 6,554 7,222 6,820 6,875 6,856 7,022 Sales and marketing3,905 4,212 4,609 5,738 4,500 3,901 4,231 5,314 General and administrative2,088 2,043 2,591 2,829 2,880 2,585 2,756 2,831 European Commission fines1,697 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Total costs and expenses29,731 29,764 31,322 36,809 33,182 31,914 34,960 41,247 Income from operations6,608 9,180 9,177 9,266 7,977 6,383 11,213 15,651 Other income (expense), net1,538 2,967 (549)1,438 (220)1,894 2,146 3,038 Income before income taxes8,146 12,147 8,628 10,704 7,757 8,277 13,359 18,689 Provision for income taxes1,489 2,200 1,560 33 921 1,318 2,112 3,462 Net income$6,657 $9,947 $7,068 $10,671 $6,836 $6,959 $11,247 15,227 Basic net income per share of Class Aand B common stock and Class Ccapital stock$9.58 $14.33 $10.20 $15.49 $9.96 $10.21 $16.55 $22.54 Diluted net income per share of Class Aand B common stock and Class Ccapital stock$9.50 $14.21 $10.12 $15.35 $9.87 $10.13 $16.40 $22.30 Financial ConditionCash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesAs of December 31, 2020, we had $136.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents andmarketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities and marketable equity securities.Sources, Uses of Cash and Related TrendsOur principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate fromour operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash andcapital structure, including the size, pace and form of capital return to stockholders.42Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20192020Net cash provided by operating activities$54,520 $65,124 Net cash used in investing activities$(29,491)$(32,773)Net cash used in financing activities$(23,209)$(24,408)Cash Provided by Operating ActivitiesOur largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, GoogleNetwork Members' properties and YouTube ads. Additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital contentproducts, and hardware; and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include compensation and related costs, payments to our distribution partners andGoogle Network Members, and payments for content acquisition costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include hardwareinventory costs, income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures.Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to the net effect of increases in cash received fromrevenues and cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses, and changes in operating assets and liabilities.Cash Used in Investing ActivitiesCash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of our investments in marketable and non-marketablesecurities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of propertyand equipment, and payments for acquisitions.Net cash used in investing activities increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to a net increase in purchases of securities, partially offsetby decreases in payments for acquisitions and purchases of property and equipment. The net decrease in purchases of property and equipmentwas driven by decreases in purchases of land and buildings for offices as well as data center construction, partially offset by increases inpurchases of servers.Cash Used in Financing ActivitiesCash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interest inconsolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of capital stock, net payments related to stock-basedaward activities, and repayments of debt.Net cash used in financing activities increased from 2019 to 2020 primarily due to an increase in cash payments for repurchases of capitalstock, partially offset by increases in net proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interest in consolidated entities.Liquidity and Material Cash RequirementsWe expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continueto be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months andthereafter for the foreseeable future.As of December 31, 2020, we had long-term taxes payable of $6.5 billion related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result ofthe U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annual interest-free installments through2025.In 2017, 2018 and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law andimposed fines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as ofMarch 20, 2019), respectively. While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities onour Consolidated Balance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.In January 2021, we closed the acquisition of Fitbit, a leading wearables brand, for $2.1 billion.We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from thisprogram are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2020, we had no commercial paper outstanding. As of December 31,2020, we have $4.0 billion of revolving credit facilities expiring43Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.in July 2023 with no amounts outstanding. The interest rate for the credit facilities is determined based on a formula using certain market rates.In August 2020, we issued $10.0 billion of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes in six tranches: $1.0 billion due in 2025, $1.0 billion due in2027, $2.25 billion due in 2030, $1.25 billion due in 2040, $2.5 billion due in 2050 and $2.0 billion due in 2060. The 2020 Notes had a weightedaverage duration of 21.5 years and weighted average coupon rate of 1.57%. Of the total issuance, $5.75 billion was designated as SustainabilityBonds, the net proceeds of which are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas: energyefficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racial equity, andsupport for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. The remaining net proceeds are used for general corporate purposes. As ofDecember 31, 2020, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding with a total carrying value of $13.8 billion. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes toConsolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the debts.In accordance with the authorizations of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, in 2020 we repurchased and subsequently retired 21.5 millionshares of Alphabet Class C capital stock for an aggregate amount of $31.1 billion. As of December 31, 2020, $17.6 billion remains authorizedand available for repurchase. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions andother investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Therepurchase program does not have an expiration date. Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II,Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Capital Expenditures and LeasesWe make investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology assets through purchases of propertyand equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products.Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories:•Technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for compute, storage and networkingrequirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning, (collectively referred to as our information technology assets)and data center land and building construction; and•Office facilities, ground up development projects and related building improvements.Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, our technical infrastructure and office facilities are managed centrally at a consolidated level. Theassociated costs, including depreciation and impairment, are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage orheadcount. Our technical infrastructure investments are designed to support all of Alphabet, including primarily ads, Google Cloud, Search, andYouTube.Construction in progress consists primarily of technical infrastructure and office facilities which have not yet been placed in service for ourintended use. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend to multiple periods. For example, ourdata center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire qualified land and buildings, constructbuildings, and secure and install information technology assets.During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we spent $23.5 billion and $22.3 billion on capital expenditures and recognized totaloperating lease assets of $4.4 billion and $2.8 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2020, the amount of total future lease payments underoperating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 9 years, was $15.1 billion. As of December 31, 2020, we have enteredinto leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $8.0 billion, excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on ourConsolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2021 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when the deployment of such assets are completed and are ready for ourintended use. Land is not depreciated. For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our depreciation and impairment expenses onproperty and equipment were $10.9 billion and $12.9 billion, respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs), were $2.4 billion and$2.9 billion, respectively. Finance leases were not material for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020. Please refer to Note 4 of theNotes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the leases.44Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2020The following summarizes our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2020 (in millions): Payments Due By Period TotalLess than1 year1-3years3-5yearsMore than5 yearsOperating lease obligations$15,091 $2,198 $4,165 $3,127 $5,601 Obligations for leases that have not yet commenced8,049 370 1,198 1,469 5,012 Purchase obligations10,656 7,368 1,968 354 966 Long-term debt obligations19,840 1,357 634 2,587 15,262 Tax payable7,359 834 1,916 4,609 0 Other long-term liabilities reflected on our balance sheet1,421 532 616 185 88 Total contractual obligations$62,416 $12,659 $10,497 $12,331 $26,929     For further information, refer to Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Represents non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to data center operations and build-outs; information technology assets; purchases ofinventory; and digital media content licensing arrangements. The amounts included above represent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or theminimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantitiesand/or pricing as of December 31, 2020. Excluded from the table above are open orders for purchases that support normal operations, which are generallycancelable.    Represents our principal and interest payments. For further information on long-term debt, refer to Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.    Represents one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the Tax Act. For further information, refer to Note 14 of the Notes to ConsolidatedFinancial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Excluded from the table above are long-term taxes payable of $2.3billion as of December 31, 2020 primarily related to uncertain tax positions, for which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing ofpayments in individual years beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing and outcomes of tax audits.    Represents cash obligations recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, including the short-term portion of these long-term liabilities, primarily for certaincommercial agreements. These amounts do not include the EC fines which are classified as current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Forfurther information regarding the EC fines, refer to Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.Off-Balance Sheet ArrangementsAs of December 31, 2020, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K, thathave or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues, orexpenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to investors. See Note 10 included in Part II,Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K for more information on our commitments and contingencies.Critical Accounting Policies and EstimatesWe prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions thataffect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, as well as related disclosure of contingent assets andliabilities. In some cases, we could reasonably have used different accounting policies and estimates. In some cases, changes in the accountingestimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Accordingly, actual results could differ materially from our estimates. To the extentthat there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results of operations will be affected. Webase our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate theseestimates on an ongoing basis. We refer to accounting estimates of this type as critical accounting policies and estimates, which we discussfurther below. We have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit and compliance committee of our Board ofDirectors.Please see Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary ofsignificant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements.(1)(1)(2)(3)(4)(5)(1)(2)(3)(4)(5)45Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.RevenuesFor the sale of third-party goods and services, we evaluate whether we are the principal, and report revenues on a gross basis, or anagent, and report revenues on a net basis. In this assessment, we consider if we obtain control of the specified goods or services before they aretransferred to the customer, as well as other indicators such as the party primarily responsible for fulfillment, inventory risk, and discretion inestablishing price.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain taxpositions and determining our provision for income taxes.Although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome ofthese matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit orthe refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differenceswill affect the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well asthe related net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the InternalRevenue Services ("IRS") and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverseoutcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.Loss ContingenciesWe are regularly subject to claims, suits, government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition, intellectual property,privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offeredby advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury consumer protection, and other matters. Certain of these matters includespeculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss hasbeen incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss canbe estimated, we disclose the possible loss in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previouslyaccrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures asappropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being, and the estimated amount of, a loss related to suchmatters. Until the final resolution of such matters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts couldbe material. Should any of our estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material effect on ourbusiness, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.Long-lived AssetsLong-lived assets, including property and equipment, long-term prepayments, and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are reviewed forimpairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The evaluationis performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimatedundiscounted future cash flows generated from the assets are less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would bebased on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value.Fair Value MeasurementsWe measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, certain other instruments including stock-based compensationawards settled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on anonrecurring basis. The determination of fair value involves the use of appropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into valuation models.The fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value whereby it gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) inactive markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. We maximize the use of relevant observable inputsand minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Our use of unobservable inputs reflects the assumptions that market participants would use andmay include our own data adjusted based on reasonably available information. We apply judgment in assessing the relevance of observablemarket data to determine the priority of inputs under the fair value hierarchy, particularly in situations where there is very little or no marketactivity.46Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.In determining the fair values of our non-marketable equity and debt investments, as well as assets acquired (especially with respect tointangible assets) and liabilities assumed in business combinations, we make significant estimates and assumptions, some of which include theuse of unobservable inputs.Certain stock-based compensation awards may be settled in the stock of certain of our Other Bets or in cash. These awards are based onthe equity values of the respective Other Bet, which requires use of unobservable inputs.We also have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns, i.e. performance fees. We recognizecompensation expense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized, andmay require the use of unobservable inputs.Non-marketable Equity SecuritiesOur non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are carried either at fair value or under the measurementalternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changes resultingfrom observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. Determining whether anobserved transaction is similar to a security within our portfolio requires judgment based on the rights and obligations of the securities. Recordingupward and downward adjustments to the carrying value of our equity securities as a result of observable price changes requires quantitativeassessments of the fair value of our securities using various valuation methodologies and involves the use of estimates.Non-marketable equity securities are also subject to periodic impairment reviews. Our quarterly impairment analysis considers bothqualitative and quantitative factors that may have a significant effect on the investment's fair value. Qualitative factors considered include thecompanies' financial and liquidity position, access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value, among others. Whenindicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative assessments of the fair value of our equity investments using both the market and incomeapproaches which require judgment and the use of estimates, including discount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable marketdata of private and public companies, among others. When our assessment indicates that an impairment exists, we write down the investment toits fair value.Change in Accounting EstimateIn January 2021, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and network equipment and determined we should adjustthe estimated useful life of our servers from three years to four years and the estimated useful life of certain network equipment from three yearsto five years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2021. For assets that are in-service as of December 31,2020, we expect operating results to be favorably impacted by approximately $2.1 billion for the full fiscal year 2021. The effect of the changemay be different due to our capital investments during the fiscal year 2021.ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKWe are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks.Foreign Currency Exchange RiskWe transact business globally in multiple currencies. Our international revenues, as well as costs and expenses denominated in foreigncurrencies, expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged includedthe Australian dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro and Japanese yen. For the purpose of analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, weconsidered the historical trends in foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that adverse changes inexchange rates of 10% could be experienced in the near term.We use foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on our assets and liabilities denominated in currencies otherthan the functional currency of the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currencyexchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses on the assets and liabilities are recorded in otherincome (expense), net, which are offset by the gains and losses on the forward contracts.If an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to total monetary assets, liabilities, and commitments denominatedin currencies other than the functional currencies at the balance sheet date, it would have resulted in an adverse effect on income before incometaxes of approximately $8 million and $497 million as of47Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively, after consideration of the effect of foreign exchange contracts in place for the years endedDecember 31, 2019 and 2020.We use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased andwritten options) to protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollarstrengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When the U.S. dollarweakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These hedging contractsreduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flowhedges for accounting purposes. We reflect the gains or losses of foreign currency spot rate changes as a component of AOCI and subsequentlyreclassify them into revenues to offset the hedged exposures as they occur.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchangecontracts before tax effect would have been approximately $1.1 billion and $912 million lower as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.The change in the value recorded in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency change in forecasted hedged revenueswhen recognized.We use foreign exchange forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to ourinvestment in foreign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment ("CTA") within AOCI related to our netinvestment hedge would have been approximately $936 million and $1 billion lower as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. Thechange in value recorded in CTA would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our investment inforeign subsidiaries.Interest Rate RiskOur Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We investprimarily in debt securities including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities,money market and other funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreigngovernments. By policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interestearning securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise ininterest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains or losses on ourmarketable debt securities are primarily due to interest rate fluctuations as compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. For certain fixedand variable rate debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense),net. We measure securities for which we have not elected the fair value option at fair value with gains and losses recorded in AOCI until thesecurities are sold, less any expected credit losses.We use value-at-risk ("VaR") analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our marketable debtsecurity portfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adversemovements in interest rates. We use a variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss in fair value ofour marketable debt securities as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 are shown below (in millions): As of December 31,12-Month AverageAs of December 31, 2019202020192020Risk Category - Interest Rate$104 $144 $90 $145 Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analysesperformed as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes ininterest rates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation.Equity Investment RiskOur marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce orincrease the fair value of our holdings.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privatelyheld companies, some of which are in the startup or development stages.48Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We record our marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable marketvalues, of which publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject to market price volatility, and represent $3.3 billion and $5.9 billion of ourinvestments as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively. A hypothetical adverse price change of 30% on our December 31, 2020 balance,which could be experienced in the near term, would decrease the fair value of our marketable equity securities by $1.8 billion. From time to time,we may enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities.Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted to fair value for observable transactions foridentical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). The fair value measured at thetime of the observable transaction is not necessarily an indication of the current fair value as of the balance sheet date. These investments,especially those that are in the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies or products these companies have underdevelopment are typically in the early phases and may never materialize and they may experience a decline in financial condition, which couldresult in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in these companies. The success of our investment in any private company is also typicallydependent on the likelihood of our ability to realize appreciation in the value of our investments through liquidity events such as public offerings,acquisitions, private sales or other market events. As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, the carrying value of our non-marketable equitysecurities, which were accounted for under the measurement alternative, was $11.4 billion and $18.9 billion, respectively. Valuations of ourequity investments in private companies are inherently more complex due to the lack of readily available market data. Volatility in the globaleconomic climate and financial markets could result in a significant impairment charge relating to our non-marketable equity securities. Changesin valuation of non-marketable equity securities may not directly correlate with changes in valuation of marketable equity securities. Additionally,observable transactions at lower valuations could result in significant losses on our non-marketable equity securities. The effect of COVID-19 onour impairment assessment requires significant judgment due to the uncertainty around the duration and severity of the impact.The carrying values of our equity method investments, which totaled approximately $1.3 billion and $1.4 billion as of December 31, 2019and 2020, respectively, generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes, however these investments could be impaired if the carryingvalue exceeds the fair value and is not expected to recover.For further information about our equity investments, please refer to Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.49Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAAlphabet Inc.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PageReports of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm51Financial Statements:Consolidated Balance Sheets54Consolidated Statements of Income55Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income56Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity57Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows58Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements59The supplementary financial information required by this Item 8 is included in Item 7 under the caption “Quarterly Results of Operations.”50Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, therelated consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the periodended December 31, 2020, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the“consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financialposition of the Company at December 31, 2019 and 2020, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in theperiod ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), theCompany's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in Internal Control—IntegratedFramework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report datedFebruary 2, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’sfinancial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent withrespect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities andExchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our auditsincluded performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, andperforming procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts anddisclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made bymanagement, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis forour opinion.Critical Audit MatterThe critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicatedor required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financialstatements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter doesnot alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical auditmatter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.51Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Loss ContingenciesDescription of theMatterThe Company is regularly subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving competition, intellectualproperty, privacy, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by its users,goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using their platforms, and other matters. As described in Note 10to the consolidated financial statements “Commitments and Contingencies” such claims could result in adverseconsequences.Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood, and the estimated amount, of a loss related to suchmatters. Auditing management’s accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies from these matters involvedchallenging and subjective auditor judgment in assessing the Company’s evaluation of the probability of a loss, and theestimated amount or range of loss.How We Addressedthe Matter in OurAuditWe tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management’s accounting for and disclosure ofthese matters. This included controls over management’s assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss andwhether the loss or range of loss was reasonably estimable and the development of related disclosures.Our audit procedures included gaining an understanding of previous rulings issued by regulators and the status ofongoing lawsuits, reviewing letters addressing the matters from internal and external legal counsel, meeting with internallegal counsel to discuss the allegations, and obtaining a representation letter from management on these matters. Wealso evaluated the Company’s disclosures in relation to these matters./s/ Ernst & Young LLPWe have served as the Company's auditor since 1999.San Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 2, 202152Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe have audited Alphabet Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, based on criteria established in InternalControl—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (theCOSO criteria). In our opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reportingas of December 31, 2020, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2020consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 2, 2021 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThe Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of theeffectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over FinancialReporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are apublic accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such otherprocedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial ReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financialreporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Acompany’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, inreasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurancethat transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accountingprinciples, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management anddirectors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, ordisposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of anyevaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, orthat the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ Ernst & Young LLPSan Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 2, 202153Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and par value per share amounts)As ofDecember 31, 2019As ofDecember 31, 2020AssetsCurrent assets:Cash and cash equivalents$18,498 $26,465 Marketable securities101,177 110,229 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities119,675 136,694 Accounts receivable, net25,326 30,930 Income taxes receivable, net2,166 454 Inventory999 728 Other current assets4,412 5,490 Total current assets152,578 174,296 Non-marketable investments13,078 20,703 Deferred income taxes721 1,084 Property and equipment, net73,646 84,749 Operating lease assets10,941 12,211 Intangible assets, net1,979 1,445 Goodwill20,624 21,175 Other non-current assets2,342 3,953 Total assets$275,909 $319,616 Liabilities and Stockholders’ EquityCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$5,561 $5,589 Accrued compensation and benefits8,495 11,086 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities23,067 28,631 Accrued revenue share5,916 7,500 Deferred revenue1,908 2,543 Income taxes payable, net274 1,485 Total current liabilities45,221 56,834 Long-term debt4,554 13,932 Deferred revenue, non-current358 481 Income taxes payable, non-current9,885 8,849 Deferred income taxes1,701 3,561 Operating lease liabilities10,214 11,146 Other long-term liabilities2,534 2,269 Total liabilities74,467 97,072 Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10)Stockholders’ equity:Convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; noshares issued and outstanding0 0 Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock and additional paid-in capital,$0.001 par value per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class A 9,000,000, Class B3,000,000, Class C 3,000,000); 688,335 (Class A 299,828, Class B 46,441, Class C342,066) and 675,222 (Class A 300,730, Class B 45,843, Class C 328,649) shares issuedand outstanding50,552 58,510 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)(1,232)633 Retained earnings152,122 163,401 Total stockholders’ equity201,442 222,544 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity$275,909 $319,616 See accompanying notes.54Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Revenues$136,819 $161,857 $182,527 Costs and expenses:Cost of revenues59,549 71,896 84,732 Research and development21,419 26,018 27,573 Sales and marketing16,333 18,464 17,946 General and administrative6,923 9,551 11,052 European Commission fines5,071 1,697 0 Total costs and expenses109,295 127,626 141,303 Income from operations27,524 34,231 41,224 Other income (expense), net7,389 5,394 6,858 Income before income taxes34,913 39,625 48,082 Provision for income taxes4,177 5,282 7,813 Net income$30,736 $34,343 $40,269 Basic net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$44.22 $49.59 $59.15 Diluted net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$43.70 $49.16 $58.61 See accompanying notes.55Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Net income$30,736 $34,343 $40,269 Other comprehensive income (loss):Change in foreign currency translation adjustment(781)(119)1,139 Available-for-sale investments:Change in net unrealized gains (losses)88 1,611 1,313 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income(911)(111)(513)Net change, net of tax benefit (expense) of $156, $(221), and $(230)(823)1,500 800 Cash flow hedges:Change in net unrealized gains (losses)290 22 42 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income98 (299)(116)Net change, net of tax benefit (expense) of $(103), $42, and $11388 (277)(74)Other comprehensive income (loss)(1,216)1,104 1,865 Comprehensive income$29,520 $35,447 $42,134 See accompanying notes.56Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) Class A and Class BCommon Stock, Class C Capital StockandAdditional Paid-In CapitalAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome (Loss)RetainedEarningsTotalStockholders’Equity SharesAmountBalance as of December 31, 2017694,783 $40,247 $(992)$113,247 $152,502 Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (98)(599)(697)Common and capital stock issued8,975 148 0 0 148 Stock-based compensation expense0 9,353 0 0 9,353 Tax withholding related to vesting of restrictedstock units0 (4,782)0 0 (4,782)Repurchases of capital stock(8,202)(576)0 (8,499)(9,075)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 659 0 0 659 Net income0 0 0 30,736 30,736 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 (1,216)0 (1,216)Balance as of December 31, 2018695,556 45,049 (2,306)134,885 177,628 Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30)(4)(34)Common and capital stock issued8,120 202 0 0 202 Stock-based compensation expense0 10,890 0 0 10,890 Tax withholding related to vesting of restrictedstock units and other0 (4,455)0 0 (4,455)Repurchases of capital stock(15,341)(1,294)0 (17,102)(18,396)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 160 0 0 160 Net income0 0 0 34,343 34,343 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,104 0 1,104 Balance as of December 31, 2019688,335 50,552 (1,232)152,122 201,442 Common and capital stock issued8,398 168 0 0 168 Stock-based compensation expense0 13,123 0 0 13,123 Tax withholding related to vesting of restrictedstock units and other0 (5,969)0 0 (5,969)Repurchases of capital stock(21,511)(2,159)0 (28,990)(31,149)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 2,795 0 0 2,795 Net income0 0 0 40,269 40,269 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,865 0 1,865 Balance as of December 31, 2020675,222 $58,510 $633 $163,401 $222,544 See accompanying notes.57Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Operating activitiesNet income$30,736 $34,343 $40,269 Adjustments:Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment8,164 10,856 12,905 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets871 925 792 Stock-based compensation expense9,353 10,794 12,991 Deferred income taxes778 173 1,390 Gain on debt and equity securities, net(6,650)(2,798)(6,317)Other(189)(592)1,267 Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:Accounts receivable(2,169)(4,340)(6,524)Income taxes, net(2,251)(3,128)1,209 Other assets(1,207)(621)(1,330)Accounts payable1,067 428 694 Accrued expenses and other liabilities8,614 7,170 5,504 Accrued revenue share483 1,273 1,639 Deferred revenue371 37 635 Net cash provided by operating activities47,971 54,520 65,124 Investing activitiesPurchases of property and equipment(25,139)(23,548)(22,281)Purchases of marketable securities(50,158)(100,315)(136,576)Maturities and sales of marketable securities48,507 97,825 132,906 Purchases of non-marketable investments(2,073)(1,932)(7,175)Maturities and sales of non-marketable investments1,752 405 1,023 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible assets(1,491)(2,515)(738)Other investing activities98 589 68 Net cash used in investing activities(28,504)(29,491)(32,773)Financing activitiesNet payments related to stock-based award activities(4,993)(4,765)(5,720)Repurchases of capital stock(9,075)(18,396)(31,149)Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs6,766 317 11,761 Repayments of debt(6,827)(585)(2,100)Proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities, net950 220 2,800 Net cash used in financing activities(13,179)(23,209)(24,408)Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents(302)(23)24 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents5,986 1,797 7,967 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period10,715 16,701 18,498 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period$16,701 $18,498 $26,465 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow informationCash paid for taxes, net of refunds$5,671 $8,203 $4,990 See accompanying notes.58Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNote 1. Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesNature of OperationsGoogle was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, weimplemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet") became the successor issuer to Google.We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising, cloud-based solutions that provide customers withplatforms, collaboration tools and services, and sales of other products and services, such as apps and in-app purchases, digital content andsubscriptions for digital content, and hardware.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interestand voting models. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesPreparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ("GAAP")requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and theaccompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, includingthose related to the allowance for credit losses, fair values of financial instruments (including non-marketable equity securities), intangible assetsand goodwill, useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment, income taxes, and contingent liabilities, among others. We base ourestimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believed to be reasonable, the results of which form the basis for makingjudgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.As of December 31, 2020 the impact of COVID-19 continues to unfold and the extent of the impact will depend on a number of factors,including the duration and severity of the pandemic; the uneven impact to certain industries; advances in testing, treatment and prevention; andthe macroeconomic impact of government measures to contain the spread of the virus and related government stimulus measures. As a result,certain of our estimates and assumptions, including the allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, the credit worthiness of customersentering into revenue arrangements, the valuation of non-marketable equity securities, including our impairment assessment, and the fair valuesof our financial instruments require increased judgment and carry a higher degree of variability and volatility that could result in material changesto our estimates in future periods.In January 2021, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and network equipment and determined we should adjustthe estimated useful life of our servers from three years to four years and the estimated useful life of certain network equipment from three yearsto five years. This change in accounting estimate will be effective beginning fiscal year 2021.Revenue RecognitionRevenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers and the collectibility of anamount that we expect in exchange for those goods or services is probable. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues.Advertising RevenuesWe generate advertising revenues primarily by delivering advertising on Google Search & other properties, including Google.com, theGoogle Search app, Google Play, Gmail and Google Maps; YouTube, and Google Network Members’ properties.Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads, Google Ad Manager and Google Marketing Platform, amongothers.We offer advertising by delivering both performance and brand advertising. We recognize revenues for performance advertising when auser engages with the advertisement, such as a click, a view, or a purchase. For brand advertising, we recognize revenues when the ad isdisplayed or a user views the ad.For ads placed on Google Network Members’ properties, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis)or agent (i.e., report revenues on a net basis). Generally, we report advertising revenues59Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.for ads placed on Google Network Members’ properties on a gross basis, that is, the amounts billed to our customers are recorded as revenues,and amounts paid to Google Network Members are recorded as cost of revenues. Where we are the principal, we control the advertisinginventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability to monetize the advertising inventory before it istransferred to our customers, and is further supported by us being primarily responsible to our customers and having a level of discretion inestablishing pricing.Google Cloud RevenuesGoogle Cloud revenues consist primarily of fees received for Google Cloud Platform services (which includes infrastructure and dataanalytics platform products and other services) and Google Workspace (formerly G Suite) collaboration tools and other enterprise services. Ourcloud services are generally provided on either a consumption or subscription basis. Revenues related to cloud services provided on aconsumption basis are recognized when the customer utilizes the services, based on the quantity of services consumed. Revenues related tocloud services provided on a subscription basis are recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer receives and consumes thebenefits of the cloud services.Other RevenuesGoogle other revenues and Other Bets revenues consist primarily of revenues from:•Google Play, which includes revenues from sale of apps and in-app purchases (which we recognize net of payout to developers) anddigital content sold in the Google Play store;•hardware, including Google Nest home products, Pixelbooks, Pixel phones and other devices;•YouTube non-advertising services including, YouTube premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services; and•other products and services.As it relates to Google other revenues, the most significant judgment is determining whether we are the principal or agent for app sales andin-app purchases through the Google Play store. We report revenues from these transactions on a net basis because our performance obligationis to facilitate a transaction between app developers and end users, for which we earn a commission. Consequently, the portion of the grossamount billed to end users that is remitted to app developers is not reflected as revenues.Arrangements with Multiple Performance ObligationsOur contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate revenues to eachperformance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine standalone selling prices based on the pricescharged to customers or using expected cost plus margin.Customer Incentives and CreditsCertain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits, which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these amountsbased on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not be significant changes to ourestimates of variable consideration.Sales CommissionsWe expense sales commissions when incurred when the amortization period is one year or less. We recognize an asset for certain salescommissions if we expect the period of benefit of these costs to exceed one year and amortize it over the period of expected benefit. Thesecosts are recorded within sales and marketing expenses.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of TAC and other costs of revenues.TAC represents the amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services and amounts paidto Google Network Members primarily for ads displayed on their properties. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers,original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.Other cost of revenues (which is the cost of revenues excluding TAC) includes the following:•Content acquisition costs primarily related to payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content fordistribution on YouTube advertising and subscription services and Google Play. We pay fees to these content providers based onrevenues generated or a flat fee;60Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Expenses associated with our data centers and other operations (including bandwidth, compensation expense (including SBC),depreciation, energy, and other equipment costs); and•Inventory related costs for hardware we sell.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold,leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before therelease of such products and as a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud based applicationsused to deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage iscomplete and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized fordeveloping such software applications were not material for the periods presented.Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation primarily consists of Alphabet restricted stock units ("RSUs"). RSUs are equity classified and measured at thefair market value of the underlying stock at the grant date. We recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over therequisite service period and account for forfeitures as they occur.For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the applicable statutory tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of ouremployees. As a result, fewer shares are issued than the number of RSUs outstanding and the tax withholding is recorded as a reduction toadditional paid-in capital.Additionally, stock-based compensation also includes other stock-based awards, such as performance stock units ("PSUs") and awardsthat may be settled in cash or the stock of certain Other Bets. PSUs and certain Other Bet awards are equity classified and expense isrecognized over the requisite service period. Certain Other Bet awards are liability classified and remeasured at fair value through settlement.The fair value of Other Bet awards is based on the equity valuation of the respective Other Bet.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and2020, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $6.4 billion, $6.8 billion, and $5.4 billion, respectively.Performance FeesPerformance fees refer to compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized investment returns. We recognize compensationexpense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized. Performance fees,which are primarily related to gains on equity securities, are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.Certain Risks and ConcentrationsOur revenues are primarily derived from online advertising, the market for which is highly competitive and rapidly changing. In addition, ourrevenues are generated from a multitude of markets in countries around the world. Significant changes in this industry or changes in customerbuying or advertiser spending behavior could adversely affect our operating results.No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2018, 2019, or 2020. In 2018,2019, and 2020, we generated approximately 46%, 46%, and 47% of our revenues, respectively, from customers based in the U.S.We are subject to concentrations of credit risk principally from cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, foreign exchangecontracts, and accounts receivable. We manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment of our counterparty creditworthiness, creditlimits and use of collateral management.Cash equivalents and marketable securities consist primarily of time deposits, money market and other funds, highly liquid debtinstruments of the U.S. government and its agencies, debt instruments issued by foreign governments, debt instruments issued by municipalitiesin the U.S., corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, and asset-backed securities. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted withvarious financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from61Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.customers located around the world. We perform ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend.We generally do not require collateral from our customers.Fair Value of Financial InstrumentsOur financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities,derivative contracts, and non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include non-marketable equity securities, which are adjusted to fair value when observable price changes are identified or when the non-marketable equitysecurities are impaired (referred to as the measurement alternative). Other financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost with fair valuedisclosed, if required.Fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderlytransaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions thatmarket participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified inaccordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.Level 2 - Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similarinstruments in markets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in themarket or can be derived from observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the futureamounts to a present value using market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs whenmeasuring fair value.Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesWe invest all excess cash primarily in government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, timedeposits, and money market funds.We classify all marketable debt securities that have stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalentsand those with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.We determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate suchdesignation at each balance sheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. Afterconsideration of our risk versus reward objectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these debt securities prior to their statedmaturities. As we view these securities as available to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12months as current assets under the caption marketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value,and report the unrealized gains and losses, net of taxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for the changes in allowance forexpected credit losses, which are recorded in other income (expense), net. For certain marketable debt securities we have elected the fair valueoption, for which changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale ofmarketable debt securities on a specific identification method, and we record such gains and losses as a component of other income (expense),net.Our investments in marketable equity securities are measured at fair value with the related gains and losses, realized and unrealized,recognized in other income (expense), net.Accounts ReceivableOur payment terms for accounts receivable vary by the type and location of our customer and the products or services offered. The termbetween invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customers, we require payment before theproducts or services are delivered to the customer.62Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We maintain an allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, which is recorded as an offset to accounts receivable and changes insuch are classified as general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. We assess collectibility by reviewingaccounts receivable on a collective basis where similar characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we identify specific customers withknown disputes or collectibility issues. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, we consider historical collectibility based onpast due status and make judgments about the creditworthiness of customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also consider customer-specific information, current market conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions to inform adjustments tohistorical loss data.For the year ended December 31, 2020, our assessment considered the impact of COVID-19 and estimates of expected credit andcollectibility trends. Volatility in market conditions and evolving credit trends are difficult to predict and may cause variability and volatility thatmay have a material impact on our allowance for credit losses in future periods. The allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable was$275 million and $789 million as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, respectively.InventoryInventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the first-in,first-out method.Non-Marketable InvestmentsWe account for non-marketable equity investments through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over theinvestee under the equity method. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted forunder the measurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity investments is adjustedto fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Adjustments are determinedprimarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.Non-marketable debt investments are classified as available-for-sale securities.Non-marketable investments that do not have stated contractual maturity dates are classified as non-current assets on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheets.Impairment of InvestmentsWe periodically review our debt and non-marketable equity investments for impairment.For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. The credit loss is estimated by consideringavailable information relevant to the collectibility of the security and information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable andsupportable forecasts. Any credit loss is recorded as a charge to other income (expense), net, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss.Unrealized losses other than the credit loss are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). If we have an intent to sell, orif it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a debt security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis,we will write down the security to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as a component of other income (expense), net.For non-marketable equity securities we consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating the companies' financial and liquidityposition, access to capital resources and the time since the last adjustment to fair value, among others. If the assessment indicates that theinvestment is impaired, we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of other income(expense), net. Fair value is estimated using the best information available, which may include cash flow projections or other available marketdata.Variable Interest EntitiesWe determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have othervariable interests is considered a variable interest entity ("VIE"). We consolidate VIEs when we are the primary beneficiary. We are the primarybeneficiary of a VIE when we have the power to direct activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and have theobligation to absorb the majority of their losses or benefits. If we are not the primary beneficiary in a VIE, we account for the investment or othervariable interests in a VIE in accordance with applicable GAAP.Periodically, we assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect our determination of whether the entity is aVIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary.63Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment includes the following categories: land and buildings, information technology assets, construction in progress,leasehold improvements, and furniture and fixtures. Land and buildings include land, offices, data centers and related building improvements.Information technology assets include servers and network equipment. We account for property and equipment at cost less accumulateddepreciation. We compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which we regularly evaluate.We depreciate buildings over periods of seven to 25 years. We depreciate information technology assets generally over periods of three to fiveyears (specifically, three years for servers and three to five years for network equipment).We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets.Construction in progress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intendeduse. Depreciation for equipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is notdepreciated.LeasesWe determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components.Payments under our lease arrangements are primarily fixed. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities.We combine fixed payments for non-lease components with lease payments and account for them together as a single lease component whichincreases the amount of our lease assets and liabilities.Certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease assets and liabilities.These amounts include payments affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on wind or solar production for power purchasearrangements, and payments for maintenance and utilities.Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interestrate used to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate implicit in ourleases is not readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis withsimilar terms and payments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options toextend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base, non-cancelable, leaseterm when determining the lease assets and liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives.Operating lease assets and liabilities are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheet beginning January 1, 2019. The current portion ofour operating lease liabilities is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and the long term portion is included in operating leaseliabilities. Finance lease assets are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and othercurrent liabilities or long-term debt.Operating lease expense (excluding variable lease costs) is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment, long-term prepayments and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events orchanges in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing thecarrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the asset group are expected to generate. If the carrying value of theassets or asset group are not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as the amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fairvalue. Impairments were not material for the periods presented.We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting unitsperiodically, as well as when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fairvalue allocation approach. We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstancesindicate that the asset may be impaired. Goodwill impairments were not material for the periods presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. We amortize intangible assets on a straight-line basiswith definite lives generally over periods ranging from one to twelve years.64Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Income TaxesWe account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable forthe current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financialstatements or tax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate therealization of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when itis more likely than not that they will not be realized.We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that, based on technical merits, the position willbe sustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largestamount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest andpenalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision.Business CombinationsWe include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of theacquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fairvalues of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the businesscombination and are expensed as incurred.Foreign CurrencyGenerally, the functional currency of our international subsidiaries is the local currency. We translate the financial statements of thesesubsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities, and average rates for the annual period derived frommonth-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensiveincome (AOCI) as a component of stockholders’ equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from theconversion of the transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in other income(expense), net.Recently Adopted Accounting PronouncementsIn June 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-13 ("ASU 2016-13")"Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments", which requires the measurementand recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairmentmodel with an expected loss model which requires the use of forward-looking information to calculate credit loss estimates. It also eliminates theconcept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to certain available-for-sale debt securities to be recorded throughan allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities. These changes result in earlier recognitionof credit losses. We adopted ASU 2016-13 using the modified retrospective approach as of January 1, 2020. The cumulative effect uponadoption was not material to our consolidated financial statements. See “Impairment of Investments” and "Accounts Receivable" above as wellas Note 3 for the effect on our consolidated financial statements.Prior Period ReclassificationsCertain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation. See Note 15 for further details.65Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 2. RevenuesRevenue RecognitionThe following table presents our revenues disaggregated by type (in millions).Year Ended December 31,201820192020Google Search & other$85,296 $98,115 $104,062 YouTube ads11,155 15,149 19,772 Google Network Members' properties20,010 21,547 23,090 Google advertising116,461 134,811 146,924 Google other14,063 17,014 21,711 Google Services total130,524 151,825 168,635 Google Cloud5,838 8,918 13,059 Other Bets595 659 657 Hedging gains (losses)(138)455 176 Total revenues$136,819 $161,857 $182,527 The following table presents our revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201820192020United States$63,269 46 %$74,843 46 %$85,014 47 %EMEA44,739 33 50,645 31 55,370 30 APAC21,341 15 26,928 17 32,550 18 Other Americas7,608 6 8,986 6 9,417 5 Hedging gains (losses)(138)0 455 0 176 0 Total revenues$136,819 100 %$161,857 100 %$182,527 100 %    Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa ("EMEA"); Asia-Pacific ("APAC"); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas").Deferred Revenues and Remaining Performance ObligationsWe record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which arerefundable. Deferred revenues primarily relate to Google Cloud and Google other. Our total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2019 was $2.3billion, of which $1.8 billion was recognized as revenues for the year ending December 31, 2020.Additionally, we have performance obligations associated with commitments in customer contracts, primarily related to Google Cloud, forfuture services that have not yet been recognized as revenues, also referred to as remaining performance obligations. Remaining performanceobligations include related deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes (i)contracts with an original expected term of one year or less, (ii) cancellable contracts, and (iii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at theamount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed. As of December 31, 2020, the amount not yet recognized as revenues fromthese commitments is $29.8 billion. We expect to recognize approximately half over the next 24 months with the remaining thereafter. However,the amount and timing of revenue recognition is largely driven by when the customer utilizes the services and our ability to deliver in accordancewith relevant contract terms, which could impact our estimate of the remaining performance obligations and when we expect to recognize suchas revenues.(1)(1)(1)(1)66Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 3. Financial InstrumentsDebt SecuritiesWe classify our marketable debt securities, which are accounted for as available-for-sale, within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy becausewe use quoted market prices to the extent available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fairvalue.For certain marketable debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in other income(expense), net. The fair value option was elected for these securities to align with the unrealized gains and losses from related derivativecontracts. Unrealized net gains related to debt securities still held where we have elected the fair value option were $87 million as of December31, 2020. As of December 31, 2020, the fair value of these debt securities was $2 billion. Balances as of December 31, 2019 were not material. The following tables summarize our debt securities, for which we did not elect the fair value option, by significant investment categories asof December 31, 2019 and 2020 (in millions): As of December 31, 2019 AdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFairValueCash andCashEquivalentsMarketableSecuritiesLevel 2:Time deposits$2,294 $0 $0 $2,294 $2,294 $0 Government bonds55,033 434 (30)55,437 4,518 50,919 Corporate debt securities27,164 337 (3)27,498 44 27,454 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities19,453 96 (41)19,508 0 19,508 Total$103,944 $867 $(74)$104,737 $6,856 $97,881  As of December 31, 2020 AdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFairValueCash andCashEquivalentsMarketableSecuritiesLevel 2:Time deposits$3,564 $0 $0 $3,564 $3,564 $0 Government bonds55,156 793 (9)55,940 2,527 53,413 Corporate debt securities31,521 704 (2)32,223 8 32,215 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities16,767 364 (7)17,124 0 17,124 Total$107,008 $1,861 $(18)$108,851 $6,099 $102,752 The majority of our time deposits are domestic deposits.We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. We recognizedgross realized gains of $1.3 billion, $292 million, and $899 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively. Werecognized gross realized losses of $143 million, $143 million, and $184 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020,respectively. We reflect these gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net.The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of our investments in marketable debt securities by stated contractual maturitydates (in millions):As ofDecember 31, 2020Due in 1 year or less$19,795 Due in 1 year through 5 years69,228 Due in 5 years through 10 years2,739 Due after 10 years13,038 Total$104,800 (1)(1)(1)67Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI as of December 31, 2019 and 2020, aggregated byinvestment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions): As of December 31, 2019 Less than 12 Months12 Months or GreaterTotal Fair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossGovernment bonds$6,752 $(20)$4,590 $(10)$11,342 $(30)Corporate debt securities1,665 (2)978 (1)2,643 (3)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities4,536 (13)2,835 (28)7,371 (41)Total$12,953 $(35)$8,403 $(39)$21,356 $(74) As of December 31, 2020 Less than 12 Months12 Months or GreaterTotal Fair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossGovernment bonds$5,516 $(9)$3 $0 $5,519 $(9)Corporate debt securities1,999 (1)0 0 1,999 (1)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities929 (5)242 (2)1,171 (7)Total$8,444 $(15)$245 $(2)$8,689 $(17)During the years ended December 31, 2018, and 2019 we did not recognize any significant other-than-temporary impairment losses.During the year ended December 31, 2020, with the adoption of ASU 2016-13, we did not recognize significant credit losses and the endingallowance for credit losses was immaterial. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.Equity InvestmentsThe following discusses our marketable equity securities, non-marketable equity securities, gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securities, as well as our equity securities accounted for under the equity method.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and 2 in the fairvalue hierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similarinstruments in active markets.Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carryingvalue of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the sameissuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during theperiod based on observable transactions are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value basedon valuation methods which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputsincluding volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold. The fair value of non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasureddue to impairment are classified within Level 3.Gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesGains and losses reflected in other income (expense), net, for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below(in millions):Year Ended December 31, 20192020Net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period$(301)$1,339 Net unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities held as of the end of the period2,950 4,253 Total gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net$2,649 $5,592 68Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.In the table above, net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and thecarrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Cumulative net gains (losses) on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), representsthe total net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security. While these net gains may have been reflected inperiods prior to the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic realized net gains on thesecurities sold during the period. Cumulative net gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price forthe equity security sold during the period.Equity Securities Sold During the Year EndedDecember 31, 20192020Total sale price$3,134 $4,767 Total initial cost858 2,674 Cumulative net gains (losses)$2,276 $2,093 Carrying value of marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesThe carrying value is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). The carrying values for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions):As of December 31, 2019Marketable EquitySecuritiesNon-Marketable EquitySecuritiesTotalTotal initial cost$1,935 $8,297 $10,232 Cumulative net gain (loss)1,361 3,056 4,417 Carrying value$3,296 $11,353 $14,649 Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $3.5 billion unrealized gains and $445 million unrealized losses (includingimpairment).As of December 31, 2020Marketable EquitySecuritiesNon-Marketable EquitySecuritiesTotalTotal initial cost$2,227 $14,616 $16,843 Cumulative net gain (loss)3,631 4,277 7,908 Carrying value$5,858 $18,893 $24,751 Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $6.1 billion unrealized gains and $1.9 billion unrealized losses (includingimpairment).The long-term portion of marketable equity securities of $429 million is included in other non-current assets.(1)(1)(1)(2)(1)(2)69Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Marketable equity securitiesThe following table summarizes marketable equity securities measured at fair value by significant investment categories as ofDecember 31, 2019 and 2020 (in millions): As of December 31, 2019As of December 31, 2020 Cash and CashEquivalentsMarketable EquitySecuritiesCash and CashEquivalentsMarketable EquitySecuritiesLevel 1:Money market funds$4,604 $0 $12,210 $0 Marketable equity securities0 3,046 0 5,470 4,604 3,046 12,210 5,470 Level 2:Mutual funds0 250 0 388 Total$4,604 $3,296 $12,210 $5,858     The balance as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 includes investments that were reclassified from non-marketable equity securities following thecommencement of public market trading of the issuers or acquisition by public entities. As of December 31, 2020 certain investments are subject to short-term lock-up restrictions.    As of December 31, 2020 the long-term portion of marketable equity securities of $429 million is included within other non-current assets.Non-marketable equity securitiesThe following is a summary of unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net, and included as adjustments to thecarrying value of non-marketable equity securities (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20192020Unrealized gains$2,163 $3,020 Unrealized losses (including impairment)(372)(1,489)Total unrealized gain (loss) for non-marketable equity securities$1,791 $1,531 During the year ended December 31, 2020, included in the $18.9 billion of non-marketable equity securities, $9.7 billion were measured atfair value resulting in a net unrealized gain of $1.5 billion.Equity securities accounted for under the Equity MethodAs of December 31, 2019 and 2020, equity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.3billion and $1.4 billion, respectively. Our share of gains and losses including impairment are included as a component of other income (expense),net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.Derivative Financial InstrumentsWe enter into derivative instruments to manage risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed with derivativeinstruments is foreign exchange risk. We use foreign currency contracts to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment inforeign subsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also enter into derivative instruments topartially offset our exposure to other risks and enhance investment returns.We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and classify thederivatives primarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. We present our collar contracts (an option strategy comprised of a combination ofpurchased and written options) at net fair values where both the purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. For otherderivative contracts, we present at gross fair values. We primarily record changes in the fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Income aseither other income (expense), net, or revenues, or in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in AOCI, as discussed below.We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the samecounterparty. Further, we enter into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or pledged when the net fair valueof certain financial instruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. Cash collateral received related to derivative instrumentsunder our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets with a corresponding liability. Cash and non-cash(1)(2)(1)(2)70Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.collateral pledged related to derivative instruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets.Cash Flow HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward and option contracts (including collars) as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenuetransactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less.Cash flow hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are deferred in AOCI and subsequently reclassified torevenue when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We exclude the change in forward points and time value from our assessment ofhedge effectiveness. The initial value of the excluded component is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument andrecognized in revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues isrecorded in AOCI. If the hedged transactions become probable of not occurring, the corresponding amounts in AOCI are reclassified to otherincome (expense), net in the period of de-designation.As of December 31, 2020, the net accumulated loss on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $124 million, which isexpected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next 12 months.Fair Value HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated incurrencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in otherincome (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedged items. We exclude changes in forward points from theassessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in other income (expense), net.Net Investment HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment inforeign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with theforeign currency translation adjustment. We exclude changes in forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognizechanges in the excluded component in other income (expense), net.Other DerivativesOther derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of foreign currency forward contracts that we use to hedgeintercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary.Gains and losses on these contracts, as well as the related costs, are recognized in other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currencygains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities.We also use derivatives not designated as hedging instruments to manage risks relating to interest rates, equity and commodity prices,credit exposures and to enhance investment returns.The gross notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):As of December 31, 2019As of December 31, 2020Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts    Cash flow hedges$13,207 $10,187     Fair value hedges$455 $1,569     Net investment hedges$9,318 $9,965 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts$43,497 $39,861 Other contracts$117 $2,399 71Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The fair values of our outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):  As of December 31, 2019  Balance Sheet LocationFair Value ofDerivativesDesignated asHedging InstrumentsFair Value ofDerivatives NotDesignated asHedging InstrumentsTotal FairValueDerivative Assets:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsOther current and non-currentassets$91 $253 $344 Other contractsOther current and non-currentassets0 1 1 Total$91 $254 $345 Derivative Liabilities:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current$173 $196 $369 Other contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current0 13 13 Total$173 $209 $382   As of December 31, 2020  Balance Sheet LocationFair Value ofDerivativesDesignated asHedging InstrumentsFair Value ofDerivatives NotDesignated asHedging InstrumentsTotal FairValueDerivative Assets:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsOther current and non-currentassets$33 $316 $349 Other contractsOther current and non-currentassets0 16 16 Total$33 $332 $365 Derivative Liabilities:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current$395 $185 $580 Other contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current0 942 942 Total$395 $1,127 $1,522 72Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensiveincome ("OCI") are summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized in OCIon Derivatives Before Tax Effect Year Ended December 31,201820192020Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount included in the assessment of effectiveness$332 $38 $102 Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness26 (14)(37)Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount included in the assessment of effectiveness136 131 (851)Total$494 $155 $(786) 73Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The effect of derivative instruments on income is summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized in IncomeYear Ended December 31,201820192020RevenuesOther income(expense), netRevenuesOther income(expense), netRevenuesOther income(expense), netTotal amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income inwhich the effects of cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded$136,819 $7,389 $161,857 $5,394 $182,527 $6,858 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI to income$(139)$0 $367 $0 $144 $0 Amount excluded from the assessment of effectivenessrecognized in earnings based on an amortization approach1 0 88 0 33 0 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsHedged items0 (96)0 (19)0 18 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments0 96 0 19 0 (18)Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 37 0 25 0 4 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 78 0 243 0 151 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts0 54 0(413)0 718 Other Contracts0 0 0 0 0 (906)Total gains (losses)$(138)$169 $455 $(145)$177 $(33)Offsetting of DerivativesThe gross amounts of our derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cash collateral received and pledged under such agreements were as follows (in millions):74Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Offsetting of AssetsAs of December 31, 2019Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedAssetsGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralReceivedNon-CashCollateralReceivedNet AssetsExposedDerivatives$366 $(21)$345 $(88)$(234)$0 $23 As of December 31, 2020Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedAssetsGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstrumentsCash CollateralReceivedNon-CashCollateralReceivedNet AssetsExposedDerivatives$397 $(32)$365 $(295)$(16)$0 $54 The balances as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 were related to derivative liabilities which are allowed to be net settled against derivative assets inaccordance with our master netting agreements.Offsetting of LiabilitiesAs of December 31, 2019Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilitiesGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralPledgedNon-CashCollateralPledgedNet LiabilitiesDerivatives$403 $(21)$382 $(88)$0 $0 $294 As of December 31, 2020Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilitiesGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralPledgedNon-CashCollateralPledgedNet LiabilitiesDerivatives$1,554 $(32)$1,522 $(295)$(1)$(943)$283 The balances as of December 31, 2019 and 2020 were related to derivative assets which are allowed to be net settled against derivative liabilities inaccordance with our master netting agreements.Note 4. LeasesWe have entered into operating and finance lease agreements primarily for data centers, land and offices throughout the world with leaseperiods expiring between 2021 and 2063.Components of operating lease expense were as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20192020Operating lease cost$1,820 $2,267 Variable lease cost541 619 Total operating lease cost$2,361 $2,886 (1)(1)(1)    (2)(2)(2)    75Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Supplemental information related to operating leases is as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20192020Cash payments for operating leases$1,661 $2,004 New operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities$4,391 $2,765 As of December 31, 2020, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 9 years and a weighted average discountrate of 2.6%. Future lease payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2020 were as follows (in millions):2021$2,198 20222,170 20231,995 20241,738 20251,389 Thereafter5,601 Total future lease payments15,091 Less imputed interest(2,251)Total lease liability balance$12,840 As of December 31, 2020, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $8.0 billion, excludingpurchase options, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2021 and 2026 withnon-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.Note 5. Variable Interest EntitiesConsolidated VIEsWe consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results of operations and financial position ofthese VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements.For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2019and 2020, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $3.1 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively, and the liabilities forwhich creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $1.2 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively.Total noncontrolling interests ("NCI"), including redeemable noncontrolling interests ("RNCI"), in our consolidated subsidiaries increasedfrom $1.2 billion to $3.9 billion from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020, primarily due to external investments in Waymo. NCI and RNCIare included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and isincluded within other income (expense), net.WaymoWaymo is an autonomous driving technology development company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to getwhere they're going. In the first half of 2020, Waymo completed an externally led investment round raising in total $3.2 billion, which includesinvestment from Alphabet. No gain or loss was recognized. The investments related to external parties were accounted for as equity transactionsand resulted in recognition of noncontrolling interests.Unconsolidated VIEsWe have investments in some VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarilyearly stage companies and certain renewable energy entities in which activities involve power generation using renewable sources.We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly affecttheir economic performance. Therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary, and the results of operations and financial position of these VIEs arenot included in our consolidated financial statements. We account for these investments as non-marketable equity investments or equity methodinvestments.76Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.VIEs are generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any future funding commitments. We have determined thatthe single source of our exposure to these VIEs is our capital investments in them. The carrying value and maximum exposure of theseunconsolidated VIEs were not material as of December 31, 2019 and 2020.Note 6. DebtShort-Term DebtWe have a debt financing program of up to $5.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are usedfor general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2019 and 2020.Our short-term debt balance also includes the current portion of certain long-term debt.Long-Term DebtIn August 2020, Alphabet issued $10.0 billion of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes in six tranches (collectively, “2020 Notes”): $1.0 billiondue in 2025, $1.0 billion due in 2027, $2.25 billion due in 2030, $1.25 billion due in 2040, $2.5 billion due in 2050 and $2.0 billion due in 2060.The 2020 Notes had a weighted average duration of 21.5 years and weighted average coupon rate of 1.57%. Of the total issuance, $5.75 billionwas designated as Sustainability Bonds, the net proceeds of which are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in thefollowing eight areas: energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing,commitment to racial equity, and support for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. The remaining net proceeds are used for generalcorporate purposes.The total outstanding debt is summarized below (in millions, except percentages):MaturityCoupon RateEffective InterestRateAs of December31, 2019As ofDecember 31,2020Debt2011-2016 Notes Issuances2021 - 20262.00% - 3.63%2.23% - 3.73%$4,000 $4,000 2020 Notes Issuance2025 - 20600.45% - 2.25%0.57% - 2.33%0 10,000 Future finance lease payments, net711 1,201       Total debt4,711 15,201 Unamortized discount and debt issuancecosts(42)(169)Less: Current portion of Notes0 (999)Less: Current portion future finance leasepayments, net(115)(101)       Total long-term debt$4,554 $13,932 Net of imputed interest.Total current portion of long-term debt is included within other accrued expenses and current liabilities. See Note 7.The notes in the table above are comprised of fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and generally rank equally with each other. We mayredeem the notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based on proceeds received withinterest payable semi-annually.The total estimated fair value of the outstanding notes, including the current portion, was approximately $4.1 billion and $14.0 billion as ofDecember 31, 2019 and December 31, 2020, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identicalinstruments in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)77Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.As of December 31, 2020, the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt, including finance lease liabilities, for each of the nextfive years and thereafter are as follows (in millions):2021$1,104 20228620238620241,08720251,088Thereafter11,868Total$15,319 Credit FacilityAs of December 31, 2020, we have $4.0 billion of revolving credit facilities which expire in July 2023. The interest rate for the credit facilitiesis determined based on a formula using certain market rates. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of December 31, 2019and 2020.Note 7. Supplemental Financial Statement InformationProperty and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):As ofDecember 31, 2019As ofDecember 31, 2020Land and buildings$39,865 $49,732 Information technology assets36,840 45,906 Construction in progress21,036 23,111 Leasehold improvements6,310 7,516 Furniture and fixtures156 197 Property and equipment, gross104,207 126,462 Less: accumulated depreciation(30,561)(41,713)Property and equipment, net$73,646 $84,749 Accrued expenses and other current liabilitiesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):As ofDecember 31, 2019As ofDecember 31, 2020European Commission fines$9,405 $10,409 Accrued customer liabilities2,245 3,118 Accrued purchases of property and equipment2,411 2,197 Current operating lease liabilities1,199 1,694 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities7,807 11,213 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities$23,067 $28,631 Includes the effects of foreign exchange and interest. See Note 10 for further details.(1)(1)    78Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)The components of AOCI, net of tax, were as follows (in millions):Foreign CurrencyTranslation AdjustmentsUnrealized Gains(Losses) on Available-for-Sale InvestmentsUnrealized Gains(Losses) on CashFlow HedgesTotalBalance as of December 31, 2017$(1,103)$233 $(122)$(992)Cumulative effect of accounting change0 (98)0 (98)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(781)88 264 (429)Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 26 26 Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (911)98 (813)Other comprehensive income (loss)(781)(823)388 (1,216)Balance as of December 31, 2018(1,884)(688)266 (2,306)Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30)(30)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(119)1,611 36 1,528 Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 (14)(14)Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (111)(299)(410)Other comprehensive income (loss)(119)1,500 (277)1,104 Balance as of December 31, 2019(2,003)812 (41)(1,232)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications1,139 1,313 79 2,531 Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 (37)(37)Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (513)(116)(629)Other comprehensive income (loss)1,139 800 (74)1,865 Balance as of December 31, 2020$(864)$1,612 $(115)$633 The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI to the ConsolidatedStatements of IncomeYear Ended December 31, AOCI ComponentsLocation201820192020Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investmentsOther income (expense), net$1,190 $149 $650 Benefit (provision) for income taxes(279)(38)(137)Net of tax911 111 513 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedgesForeign exchange contractsRevenue(139)367 144 Interest rate contractsOther income (expense), net6 6 6 Benefit (provision) for income taxes35 (74)(34)Net of tax(98)299 116 Total amount reclassified, net of tax$813 $410 $629 79Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Other Income (Expense), NetThe components of other income (expense), net, were as follows (in millions):  Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Interest income$1,878 $2,427 $1,865 Interest expense(114)(100)(135)Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net(80)103 (344)Gain (loss) on debt securities, net1,190 149 725 Gain (loss) on equity securities, net5,460 2,649 5,592 Performance fees(1,203)(326)(609)Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net(120)390 401 Other378 102 (637)Other income (expense), net$7,389 $5,394 $6,858 Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $92 million, $167 million, and $218 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020,respectively.Our foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net, is primarily related to the forward points for our foreign currency hedging contracts and foreign exchangetransaction gains and losses from the conversion of the transaction currency to the functional currency, offset by the foreign currency hedging contracts'losses and gains.During the year ended December 31, 2018, the terms of a non-marketable debt security were modified resulting in an unrealized $1.3 billion gain.During the year ended December 31, 2020, we entered into derivatives that hedged the changes in fair value of certain marketable equity securities, whichresulted in a $902 million loss. The offsetting recognized gains on the marketable equity securities are reflected in Gain (loss) on equity securities, net.Note 8. Acquisitions2020 AcquisitionsDuring the year ended December 31, 2020, we completed acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets for total consideration ofapproximately $744 million, net of cash acquired. In aggregate, $248 million was attributed to intangible assets, $446 million to goodwill and $50million to net assets acquired. These acquisitions generally enhance the breadth and depth of our offerings and expand our expertise inengineering and other functional areas.Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to the consolidated results ofoperations, either individually or in the aggregate.For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2020, patents and developed technology have aweighted-average useful life of 4.1 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 4.7 years, and trade names and otherhave a weighted-average useful life of 4.6 years.Acquisition of FitbitIn January 2021, we closed the acquisition of Fitbit, a leading wearables brand for $2.1 billion.(1) (2)(3)(4)(1)    (2)    (3)    (4)    80Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible AssetsGoodwillChanges in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 were as follows (in millions):GoogleGoogle ServicesGoogle CloudOther BetsTotalBalance as of December 31, 2018$17,521 $0 $0 $367 $17,888 Acquisitions2,353 0 0 475 2,828 Transfers9 0 0 (9)0 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments38 0 0 (130)(92)Balance as of December 31, 201919,921 0 0 703 20,624 Acquisitions204 0 0 0 204 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments46 0 0 (4)42 Allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020(20,171)18,408 1,763 0 0 Acquisitions0 53 189 0 242 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments0 56 5 2 63 Balance as of December 31, 2020$0 $18,517 $1,957 $701 $21,175 Represents reallocation of goodwill as a result of our change in segments in the fourth quarter of 2020. See Note 15 for further detailsOther Intangible AssetsInformation regarding purchased intangible assets were as follows (in millions): As of December 31, 2019 GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingAmountPatents and developed technology$4,972 $3,570 $1,402 Customer relationships254 30 224 Trade names and other703 350 353 Total$5,929 $3,950 $1,979  As of December 31, 2020 GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingValuePatents and developed technology$4,639 $3,649 $990 Customer relationships266 49 217 Trade names and other699 461 238 Total$5,604 $4,159 $1,445 Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives of1.6 years, 4.9 years, and 2.1 years, respectively.Amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets was $865 million, $795 million, and $774 million for the years endedDecember 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020, respectively.(1)(1)81Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.As of December 31, 2020, expected amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets for each of the next five years andthereafter is as follows (in millions): 2021$719 2022375 2023104 202478 202553 Thereafter116 $1,445 Note 10. Commitments and ContingenciesPurchase ObligationsAs of December 31, 2020, we had $10.7 billion of other non-cancelable contractual obligations, primarily related to data center operationsand build-outs, digital media content licensing, information technology assets and purchases of inventory.IndemnificationsIn the normal course of business, to facilitate transactions in our services and products, we indemnify certain parties, including advertisers,Google Network Members, customers of Google Cloud offerings, and lessors with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to hold certainparties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claimsmade against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount ofthe claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similarindemnification obligations to our agents.It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to theunique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims andthe payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financialposition. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have amaterial adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.As of December 31, 2020, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.Legal MattersAntitrust InvestigationsOn November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened an investigation into various antitrust-related complaintsagainst us.On June 27, 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google regarding its display and ranking of shopping searchresults and ads infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017) fine. OnSeptember 11, 2017, we appealed the EC decision and on September 27, 2017, we implemented product changes to bring shopping ads intocompliance with the EC's decision. We recognized a charge of $2.7 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2017.On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringedEuropean competition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of theconduct at issue. On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision. On October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our Androiddistribution practices. We recognized a charge of $5.1 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2018.On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense forSearch partners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) anddirected actions related to AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, weappealed the EC decision. We recognized a charge of $1.7 billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019.82Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our ConsolidatedBalance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations on competition matters by regulatory authorities in theUnited States, Europe, and other jurisdictions. For example, in August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S.Department of Justice ("DOJ") requesting information and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain aspects of ourbusiness. The DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit on October 20, 2020 alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust lawsrelating to Search and Search advertising. Separately, on December 16, 2020, a number of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaintagainst Google in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws as well asstate deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology. We believe these complaints are without merit and will defend ourselvesvigorously. The DOJ and state Attorneys General continue their investigations into certain aspects of our business. We continue to cooperatewith federal and state regulators in the United States, and other regulators around the world.Patent and Intellectual Property ClaimsWe have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products,services, and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantialmonetary damages, costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, orservices. As a result, we may have to change our business practices, and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could result ina loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission ("ITC") has increasinglybecome an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a prohibition onimporting infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect onus, including preventing us from importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features ofour products.Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them against certain intellectual propertyinfringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages ifthere were an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, andtechnologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business.In 2010, Oracle America, Inc. ("Oracle") brought a copyright lawsuit against Google in the Northern District of California, alleging thatGoogle's Android operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related to certain Java application programming interfaces. After trial, finaljudgment was entered by the district court in favor of Google on June 8, 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions in favor of Google. Oracleappealed and on March 27, 2018, the appeals court reversed and remanded the case for a trial on damages. On May 29, 2018, we filed apetition for a rehearing at the Federal Circuit, and on August 28, 2018, the Federal Circuit denied the petition. On January 24, 2019, we filed apetition to the Supreme Court of the United States to review this case. On April 29, 2019, the Supreme Court requested the views of the SolicitorGeneral regarding our petition. On September 27, 2019, the Solicitor General recommended denying our petition, and we provided our responseon October 16, 2019. On November 15, 2019, the Supreme Court granted our petition and made a decision to review the case. The SupremeCourt heard oral arguments in our case on October 7, 2020. If the Supreme Court does not rule in our favor, the case will be remanded to thedistrict court for further determination of the remaining issues in the case, including damages, if any. We believe this lawsuit is without merit andare defending ourselves vigorously. Given the nature of this case, we are unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss, if any,arising from this matter.OtherWe are also regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition,intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goodsand services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. Such claims,suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoingauditing and monitoring obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateralrelated civil litigation or other adverse consequences, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Certain of these outstanding matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when webelieve that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonablypossible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we83Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has beenpreviously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Significantjudgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters.With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible losswill not, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations,or cash flows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.Non-Income TaxesWe are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-income tax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in thesejurisdictions and the tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or anynegotiated agreements with, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonablypossible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due to the inherent complexity anduncertainty of these matters and judicial process in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 14.Note 11. Stockholders' EquityConvertible Preferred StockOur Board of Directors has authorized 100 million shares of convertible preferred stock, $0.001 par value, issuable in series. As ofDecember 31, 2019 and 2020, no shares were issued or outstanding.Class A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital StockOur Board of Directors has authorized three classes of stock, Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock. The rights ofthe holders of each class of our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A common stock isentitled to one vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Class C capital stock has no voting rights,except as required by applicable law. Shares of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the option of the stockholder andautomatically convert upon sale or transfer to Class A common stock.Share RepurchasesIn July 2020, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional $28.0 billion of its Class C capitalstock. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investmentopportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchaseprogram does not have an expiration date.During the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020, we repurchased and subsequently retired 15.3 million and 21.5 million shares ofAlphabet Class C capital stock for an aggregate amount of $18.4 billion and $31.1 billion, respectively.Note 12. Net Income Per ShareWe compute net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock using the two-class method. Basic netincome per share is computed using the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share iscomputed using the weighted-average number of shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentiallydilutive securities consist of restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of outstanding restricted stock unitsand other contingently issuable shares is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation ofthe diluted net income per share of Class A common stock assumes the conversion of Class B common stock, while the diluted net income pershare of Class B common stock does not assume the conversion of those shares.The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stockare identical, except with respect to voting. Furthermore, there are a number of84Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.safeguards built into our certificate of incorporation, as well as Delaware law, which preclude our Board of Directors from declaring or payingunequal per share dividends on our Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock. Specifically, Delaware law provides thatamendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of adversely altering the rights, powers, or preferences of a givenclass of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate of incorporationprovides that before any such amendment may be put to a stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of our Board ofDirectors. As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A andClass B common shares and Class C capital stock as if the earnings for the year had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights areidentical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis.In the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B commonstock and Class C capital stock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation inaccordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc.The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A and Class B common stock and ClassC capital stock (in millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2018 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$13,200 $2,072 $15,464 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation298,548 46,864 349,728 Basic net income per share$44.22 $44.22 $44.22 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$13,200 $2,072 $15,464 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,072 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(146)(24)146 Allocation of undistributed earnings$15,126 $2,048 $15,610 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation298,548 46,864 349,728 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,864 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares689 0 7,456 Number of shares used in per share computation346,101 46,864 357,184 Diluted net income per share$43.70 $43.70 $43.70 85Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2019 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$14,846 $2,307 $17,190 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation299,402 46,527 346,667 Basic net income per share$49.59 $49.59 $49.59 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$14,846 $2,307 $17,190 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,307 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(126)(20)126 Allocation of undistributed earnings$17,027 $2,287 $17,316 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation299,402 46,527 346,667 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,527 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares413 0 5,547 Number of shares used in per share computation346,342 46,527 352,214 Diluted net income per share$49.16 $49.16 $49.16  Year Ended December 31, 2020 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$17,733 $2,732 $19,804 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation299,815 46,182 334,819 Basic net income per share$59.15 $59.15 $59.15 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$17,733 $2,732 $19,804 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,732 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(180)(25)180 Allocation of undistributed earnings$20,285 $2,707 $19,984 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation299,815 46,182 334,819 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A common shares outstanding46,182 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares87 0 6,125 Number of shares used in per share computation346,084 46,182 340,944 Diluted net income per share$58.61 $58.61 $58.61 86Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 13. Compensation PlansStock PlansOur stock plans include the Alphabet 2012 Stock Plan and Other Bet stock-based plans. Under our stock plans, RSUs and other types ofawards may be granted. An RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our publicly traded stock at the time the award vests. RSUs grantedto participants under the Alphabet 2012 Stock Plan generally vest over four years contingent upon employment or service with us on the vestingdate.As of December 31, 2020, there were 38,777,813 shares of stock reserved for future issuance under our Alphabet 2012 Stock Plan.Stock-Based CompensationFor the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, total stock-based compensation expense was $10.0 billion, $11.7 billion and$13.4 billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $9.4 billion, $10.8 billion, and $12.8 billion,respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, we recognized tax benefits on total stock-based compensation expense, whichare reflected in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income, of $1.5 billion, $1.8 billion, and $2.7 billion,respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during the period was$2.1 billion, $2.2 billion and $3.6 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include the indirect effects of stock-based awards, which primarilyrelate to the research and development tax credit.Stock-Based Award ActivitiesThe following table summarizes the activities for our unvested Alphabet RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2020:Unvested Restricted Stock Units     Number of    SharesWeighted-AverageGrant-DateFair ValueUnvested as of December 31, 201919,394,236 $1,055.22 Granted12,647,562 1,407.97  Vested(11,643,670)1,089.31  Forfeited/canceled(1,109,335)1,160.01 Unvested as of December 31, 202019,288,793 $1,262.13 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2018 and 2019, was $1,095.89 and$1,092.36, respectively. Total fair value of RSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and2020 were $14.1 billion, $15.2 billion, and $17.8 billion, respectively.As of December 31, 2020, there was $22.8 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This amount isexpected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.6 years.401(k) PlansWe have two 401(k) Savings Plans that qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Underthese 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount of the employees’ contributions subject to certain limitations. Werecognized expense of approximately $691 million, $724 million, and $855 million for the years ended December 31, 2018, 2019, and 2020,respectively.Note 14. Income TaxesIncome from continuing operations before income taxes consists of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Domestic operations$15,779 $16,426 $37,576 Foreign operations19,134 23,199 10,506 Total$34,913 $39,625 $48,082 87Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Current:Federal and state$2,153 $2,424 $4,789 Foreign1,251 2,713 1,687 Total3,404 5,137 6,476 Deferred:Federal and state907 286 1,552 Foreign(134)(141)(215)Total773 145 1,337 Provision for income taxes$4,177 $5,282 $7,813 The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate is as follows:Year Ended December 31, 201820192020U.S. federal statutory tax rate21.0 %21.0 %21.0 %Foreign income taxed at different rates(4.4)(4.9)(0.3)Foreign-derived intangible income deduction(0.5)(0.7)(3.0)Stock-based compensation expense(2.2)(0.7)(1.7)Federal research credit(2.4)(2.5)(2.3)Impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act(1.3)(0.6)0.0 European Commission fines3.1 1.0 0.0 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance(2.0)0.0 1.4 State and local income taxes(0.4)1.1 1.1 Other adjustments1.1 (0.4)0.0 Effective tax rate12.0 %13.3 %16.2 %Our effective tax rate for 2018 and 2019 was affected significantly by earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lowerthan the federal statutory tax rate because substantially all of the income from foreign operations was earned by an Irish subsidiary. As ofDecember 31, 2019, we have simplified our corporate legal entity structure and now license intellectual property from the U.S. that waspreviously licensed from Bermuda resulting in an increase in the portion of our income earned in the U.S.On July 27, 2015, the United States Tax Court, in an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, invalidated the portion of the Treasuryregulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharing arrangement to share stock-based compensationcosts. The U.S. Tax Court issued the final decision on December 28, 2015. As a result of that decision, we recorded a tax benefit related to theanticipated reimbursement of cost share payment for previously shared stock-based compensation costs.On June 7, 2019, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the 2015 Tax Court decision in Altera Corp. v.Commissioner, and upheld the portion of the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a costsharing arrangement to share stock-based compensation costs. As a result of the Ninth Circuit court decision, our cumulative net tax benefit of$418 million related to previously shared stock-based compensation costs was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2019.In 2020, there was an increase in valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized relating to certain of ourOther Bets.88Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Deferred Income TaxesDeferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financialreporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are asfollows (in millions):As of December 31,20192020Deferred tax assets:Stock-based compensation expense$421 $518 Accrued employee benefits463 580 Accruals and reserves not currently deductible1,047 1,049 Tax credits3,264 3,723 Net operating losses771 1,085 Operating leases1,876 2,620 Intangible assets164 1,525 Other226 463 Total deferred tax assets8,232 11,563 Valuation allowance(3,502)(4,823)Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance4,730 6,740 Deferred tax liabilities:Property and equipment, net(1,798)(3,382)Renewable energy investments(466)(415)Foreign Earnings(373)(383)Net investment gains(1,074)(1,901)Operating leases(1,619)(2,354)Other(380)(782)Total deferred tax liabilities(5,710)(9,217)Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)$(980)$(2,477)As of December 31, 2020, our federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $3.1billion, $3.1 billion, and $1.4 billion respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023, foreign netoperating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2024 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028. It is morelikely than not that certain net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized; therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance against them.The net operating loss carryforwards are subject to various annual limitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions.As of December 31, 2020, our California research and development credit carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $3.7billion that can be carried over indefinitely. We believe the state tax credit is not likely to be realized.As of December 31, 2020, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operatinglosses, certain state tax credits, net deferred tax assets relating to certain of our Other Bets, and certain foreign net operating losses that webelieve are not likely to be realized. We continue to reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly and if future evidence allows for apartial or full release of the valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly.89Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Uncertain Tax PositionsThe following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201820192020Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits$4,696 $4,652 $3,377 Increases related to prior year tax positions321 938 372 Decreases related to prior year tax positions(623)(143)(557)Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities(191)(2,886)(45)Increases related to current year tax positions449 816 690 Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits$4,652 $3,377 $3,837 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $4.7 billion, $3.4 billion, and $3.8 billion as of December 31, 2018, 2019, and2020, respectively, of which, $2.9 billion, $2.3 billion, and $2.6 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively. Thedecrease in gross unrecognized tax benefits in 2019 was primarily as a result of the resolution of multi-year audits.As of December 31, 2019 and 2020, we accrued $130 million and $222 million in interest and penalties in provision for income taxes,respectively.We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions, our two major tax jurisdictions are theU.S. federal and Ireland. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS iscurrently examining our 2016 through 2018 tax returns. We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions assertingtransfer pricing adjustments or permanent establishment. We continue to defend any and all such claims as presented.The tax years 2011 through 2019 remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There areother ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our financial statements.We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision forincome taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, of the expected expiration ofthe statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions.We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome oftax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent withmanagement's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. Although thetiming of resolution, settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, we do not believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefitswill materially change in the next 12 months.Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic AreasBeginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, we report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets:•Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, andYouTube. Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps, in-app purchases, digital content products, andhardware; and fees received for subscription-based products such as YouTube Premium and YouTube TV.•Google Cloud includes Google’s infrastructure and data analytics platforms, collaboration tools, and other services for enterprisecustomers. Google Cloud generates revenues primarily from fees received for Google Cloud Platform services and Google Workspace(formerly known as G Suite) collaboration tools.•Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from the Other Bets are derivedprimarily through the sale of internet services as well as licensing and R&D services.Revenues and certain costs, such as costs associated with content and traffic acquisition, certain engineering, and hardware costs andother operating expenses, are directly attributable to our segments. Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, other costs and expenses, such astechnical infrastructure and office facilities, are managed90Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.centrally at a consolidated level. The associated costs, including depreciation and impairment, are allocated to operating segments as a servicecost generally based on usage or headcount.Unallocated corporate costs primarily include corporate initiatives, corporate shared costs, such as finance and legal, including fines andsettlements, as well as costs associated with certain shared research and development activities. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related torevenue are included in corporate costs.Our Chief Operating Decision Maker does not evaluate operating segments using asset information.Information about segments during the periods presented were as follows (in millions). For comparative purposes, amounts in prior periodshave been recast:Year Ended December 31,201820192020Revenues:Google Services$130,524 $151,825 $168,635 Google Cloud5,838 8,918 13,059 Other Bets595 659 657 Hedging gains (losses)(138)455 176 Total revenues$136,819 $161,857 $182,527 Operating income (loss):Google Services$43,137 $48,999 $54,606 Google Cloud(4,348)(4,645)(5,607)Other Bets(3,358)(4,824)(4,476)Corporate costs, unallocated(7,907)(5,299)(3,299)Total income from operations$27,524 $34,231 $41,224 Corporate costs, unallocated includes a fine of $5.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2018 and a fine and legal settlement totaling $2.3 billion for theyear ended December 31, 2019.For revenues by geography, see Note 2.The following table presents certain of our long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net and operatinglease assets (in millions). As ofDecember 31, 2019As ofDecember 31, 2020Long-lived assets:United States$63,102 $69,315 International21,485 27,645 Total long-lived assets$84,587 $96,960 (1)(1)    91Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURENone.ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosurecontrols and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form10-K.Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosurecontrols and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information weare required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within thetime periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, includingour chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe rely extensively on information systems to manage our business and summarize and report operating results. In 2019, we began amulti-year implementation of a new global ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system isdesigned to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management and provide timelyinformation to our management team. The implementation is expected to occur in phases over the next several years. The initial phase, whichincluded changes to our general ledger and consolidated financial reporting systems, was completed during the third quarter of 2020. Therehave been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2020 that havematerially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as the phasedimplementation of the new ERP system continues, we will change our processes and procedures, which in turn, could result in changes to ourinternal control over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internalcontrol over financial reporting.As a result of COVID-19, our global workforce continued to operate primarily in a work from home environment for the quarter endedDecember 31, 2020. While pre-existing controls were not specifically designed to operate in our current work from home operating environment,we believe that our internal controls over financial reporting continue to be effective. We have continued to re-evaluate and refine our financialreporting process to provide reasonable assurance that we could report our financial results accurately and timely.Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting basedon the framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the TreadwayCommission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effectiveas of December 31, 2020. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit and Compliance Committee. The effectiveness ofour internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered publicaccounting firm, as stated in its report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and ProceduresIn designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, nomatter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Inaddition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and thatmanagement is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATIONNone.92Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIIITEM 10.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCEThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance” in ourProxy Statement for 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020(2021 Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant toItem 405 of Regulation S-K will be included under the caption “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the 2021 ProxyStatement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 11.EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and“Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Compensation Committee Interlocksand Insider Participation” in the 2021 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 12.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDERMATTERSThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners andManagement” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2021 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 13.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCEThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Directors,Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Director Independence” in the 2021 ProxyStatement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 14.PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICESThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the 2021 ProxyStatement and is incorporated herein by reference.93