Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•the sufficiency and timing of our proposed remedies in response to decisions from the European Commission (EC) and other regulators andgovernmental entities;•our expectations regarding the timing, design, and ongoing phased implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP)system;•the expected timing, amount, and effect of Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases;•our long-term sustainability and diversity goals;as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statementsmay appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, thefollowing sections: Part I, Item 1 "Business;" Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors;" and Part II, Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of FinancialCondition and Results of Operations." Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "estimates,""expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "may," "could," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actualresults to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include,but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in particular, the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" ofthis report and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of anyrevision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to placeundue reliance on such forward-looking statements.As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the contextindicates otherwise."Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. This report contains additional trade names andtrademarks of other companies. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement orsponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies.PART IITEM 1.BUSINESSOverviewAs our founders Larry and Sergey wrote in the original founders' letter, "Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to becomeone." That unconventional spirit has been a driving force throughout our history, inspiring us to tackle big problems and invest in moonshots likeartificial intelligence (AI) research and quantum computing. We continue this work under the leadership of Sundar Pichai, who has served as CEO ofGoogle since 2015 and as CEO of Alphabet since 2019.Alphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud;we also report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. Other Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afield from our coreGoogle business. We take a long-term view and manage the portfolio of Other Bets with the discipline and rigor needed to deliver long-term returns.Alphabet's structure is about helping each of our businesses prosper through strong leaders and independence.Access and technology for everyoneThe Internet is one of the world’s most powerful equalizers; it propels ideas, people and businesses large and small. Our mission to organize theworld’s information and make it universally accessible and useful is as relevant today as it was when we were founded in 1998. Since then, we haveevolved from a company that helps people find answers to a company that also helps people get things done.We are focused on building an even more helpful Google for everyone, and we aspire to give everyone the tools they need to increase theirknowledge, health, happiness, and success. Every year, there are trillions of searches on Google, and 15% of the searches we see every day arenew. We continue to invest deeply in AI and other technologies to ensure the most helpful search experience possible. YouTube provides people withentertainment, information, and opportunities to learn something new. And Google Assistant offers the best way to get things done seamlessly acrossdifferent devices, providing intelligent help throughout a person's day, no matter where they are.We are continually innovating and building new product features that will help our users, partners, customers, and communities. We haveinvested more than $100 billion in R&D over the last five years. In addition, with the onset of4Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.the pandemic, we have focused in particular on features that help people in their daily lives and that support businesses working to serve theircustomers. For example, we have added live busyness trends in Google Maps that help users instantly spot when a neighborhood or part of town isnear or at its busiest. We have also helped businesses navigate uncertainty during an uneven economic recovery, and we have worked to addressthe complex challenge of distributing critical information about COVID-19 vaccines to billions of people around the world. Importantly, we have madeauthoritative content a key focus area across both Google Search and YouTube to help users find trusted public health information.Other Bets also remain focused on innovation through technology that can positively affect people's lives. For instance, Waymo is workingtoward our goal of making transportation safer and easier for everyone and Verily is developing tools and platforms to improve health outcomes.MoonshotsMany companies get comfortable doing what they have always done, making only incremental changes. This incrementalism leads toirrelevance over time, especially in technology, where change tends to be revolutionary, not evolutionary. People thought we were crazy when weacquired YouTube and Android and when we launched Chrome, but those efforts have matured into major platforms for digital video and mobiledevices and a safer, popular browser. We continue to look toward the future and to invest for the long term within each of our segments. As we said inthe original founders' letter, we will not shy away from high-risk, high-reward projects that we believe in, as they are the key to our long-term success.The power of AIAcross the company, investments in AI and machine learning are increasingly driving many of our latest innovations and have enabled us tobuild products that are smarter and more helpful. For example, in May of 2021, we introduced Multitask Unified Model — or MUM — which has thepotential to transform how Google helps with complex tasks. MUM is trained across 75 different languages, which means that it can learn fromsources written in one language and help bring that information to people in another. It is also multimodal, so it understands information across textand images and, in the future, can expand to more modalities like video and audio. We are currently experimenting with MUM’s capabilities to makesearching more natural and intuitive and even enable entirely new ways to search.DeepMind also made a significant AI-powered breakthrough, solving a 50-year-old protein folding challenge, which will help the world betterunderstand one of life’s fundamental building blocks, and will enable researchers to tackle new and difficult problems, from fighting diseases toenvironmental sustainability. DeepMind has since shared its new AlphaFold protein structure database, which doubled the number of high-accuracyhuman protein structures available to researchers.GoogleFor reporting purposes, Google comprises two segments: Google Services and Google Cloud.Google ServicesServing our usersWe have always been a company committed to building helpful products that can improve the lives of millions of people. Our product innovationshave made our services widely used, and our brand one of the most recognized in the world. Google Services' core products and platforms includeads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Gmail, Google Drive, Google Maps, Google Photos, Google Play, Search, and YouTube, each with broad andgrowing adoption by users around the world.Our products and services have come a long way since the company was founded more than two decades ago. Rather than the ten blue links inour early search results, users can now get direct answers to their questions using their computer, mobile device, or their own voice, making itquicker, easier and more natural to find what they are looking for.This drive to make information more accessible and helpful has led us over the years to improve the discovery and creation of digital contentboth on the web and through platforms like Google Play and YouTube. With the continued adoption of mobile, people are consuming more digitalcontent by watching more videos, playing more games, listening to more music, reading more books, and using more apps than ever before. Workingwith content creators and partners, we continue to build new ways for people around the world to find great digital content.Fueling all of these great digital experiences are extraordinary platforms and hardware. That is why we continue to invest in platforms like ourAndroid mobile operating system, Chrome browser, and Chrome operating system, as5Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.well as growing our family of hardware devices. We see tremendous potential for devices to be helpful and make people's lives easier by combiningthe best of our AI, software and hardware. This potential is reflected in our latest generation of hardware products such as Pixel 5a 5G and Pixel 6phones, the Fitbit Charge 5, Chromecast with Google TV, and the new Google Nest Cams and Nest Doorbell. Creating products that people rely onevery day is a journey that we are investing in for the long run.The key to building helpful products for users is our commitment to privacy, security, and user choice. We protect user privacy and security withproducts that are secure by default and private by design, and that keep users in control of their data. Our privacy-preserving technologies safeguardindividual privacy and enhance data protection. As the Internet evolves, so does our approach to privacy and security. We continue to enhance ouranti-malware features in Chrome and drive improvements such as auto-delete controls that automatically delete web and app searches after 18months. And we continue to keep users and their passwords safe through advances like our built-in password manager.How we make moneyWe have built world-class advertising technologies for advertisers, agencies, and publishers to power their digital marketing businesses. Ouradvertising solutions help millions of companies grow their businesses through our wide range of products across devices and formats, and we aim toensure positive user experiences by serving the right ads at the right time and by building deep partnerships with brands and agencies.Google Services generates revenues primarily by delivering both performance and brand advertising that appears on Google Search & otherproperties, YouTube and Google Network partners' properties ("Google Network properties"). We continue to invest in both performance and brandadvertising and seek to improve the measurability of advertising so advertisers understand the effectiveness of their campaigns.•Performance advertising creates and delivers relevant ads that users will click on, leading to direct engagement with advertisers.Performance advertising lets our advertisers connect with users while driving measurable results. Our ads tools allow performanceadvertisers to create simple text-based ads.•Brand advertising helps enhance users' awareness of and affinity for advertisers' products and services, through videos, text, images, andother interactive ads that run across various devices. We help brand advertisers deliver digital videos and other types of ads to specificaudiences for their brand-building marketing campaigns.We have allocated substantial resources to stopping bad advertising practices and protecting users on the web. We focus on creating the bestadvertising experiences for our users and advertisers in many ways, including filtering out invalid traffic, removing billions of bad ads from oursystems every year, and closely monitoring the sites, apps, and videos where ads appear and blocklisting them when necessary to ensure that adsdo not fund bad content.We continue to look to the future and are making long-term investments that we expect to grow revenues beyond advertising, including revenuesfrom Google Play, hardware, and YouTube non-advertising.•Google Play generates revenues from sales of apps and in-app purchases and digital content sold in the Google Play store.•Hardware generates revenues from sales of Fitbit wearable devices, Google Nest home products, Pixel phones, and other devices.•YouTube non-advertising generates revenues from YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions and other services.Google CloudGoogle was a company built in the cloud. We continue to invest in infrastructure, security, data management, analytics, and AI. We seesignificant opportunity in helping businesses utilize these strengths with features like data migration, modern development environments, andmachine learning tools to provide enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and Google Workspace. Google Cloud Platformenables developers to build, test, and deploy applications on its highly scalable and reliable infrastructure. Google Workspace collaboration tools —which include apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Meet and more — are designed with real-time collaboration and machine intelligence to helppeople work smarter. Because more and more of today’s digital experiences are being built in the cloud, Google Cloud products help businesses ofall sizes take advantage of the latest technology advances to operate more efficiently.•Google Cloud Platform generates revenues from infrastructure, platform and other services.6Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Google Workspace generates revenues from cloud-based collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar andMeet.Our cloud services are generally provided on either a consumption or subscription basis and may have contract terms longer than a year.Other BetsAcross Alphabet, we are also using technology to try to solve big problems that affect a wide variety of industries. Alphabet’s investment in theportfolio of Other Bets includes emerging businesses at various stages of development, ranging from those in the R&D phase to those that are in thebeginning stages of commercialization, and our goal is for them to become thriving, successful businesses in the medium to long term. While theseearly-stage businesses naturally come with considerable uncertainty, some of them are already generating revenue and making important strides intheir industries. Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of health technology and internet services.Other Bets operate as independent companies and some of them have their own boards with independent members and outside investors. Weare investing in the portfolio of Other Bets and being very deliberate about the focus, scale, and pace of investments.CompetitionOur business is characterized by rapid change as well as new and disruptive technologies. We face formidable competition in every aspect ofour business, including from:•General purpose search engines and information services, such as Baidu, Microsoft's Bing, Naver, Seznam, Yahoo, and Yandex.•Vertical search engines and e-commerce providers, such as Amazon and eBay (e-commerce), Booking's Kayak (travel queries), Microsoft'sLinkedIn (job queries), and WebMD (health queries). Some users will navigate directly to such content, websites, and apps rather than gothrough Google.•Social networks offered by ByteDance, Meta, Snap, and Twitter. Some users increasingly rely on social networks for product or servicereferrals, rather than seeking information through traditional search engines.•Other online advertising platforms and networks, such as Amazon, AppNexus, Criteo, and Meta, that compete for advertisers that use GoogleAds, our primary auction-based advertising platform.•Other forms of advertising, such as billboards, magazines, newspapers, radio, and television. Our advertisers typically advertise in multiplemedia, both online and offline.•Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer hardware products, including businesses that have developed proprietaryplatforms, such as Amazon, Apple, and Microsoft.•Digital assistant providers, such as Amazon and Apple.•Providers of enterprise cloud services, such as Alibaba, Amazon, Microsoft, and Salesforce.•Providers of digital video services, such as Amazon, Apple, AT&T, ByteDance, Disney, Hulu, Meta, and Netflix.•Other digital content and application platform providers, such as Amazon and Apple.•Providers of workspace connectivity and productivity products, such as Meta, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Zoom.Competing successfully depends heavily on our ability to develop and distribute innovative products and technologies to the marketplace acrossour businesses. Specifically, for advertising, competing successfully depends on attracting and retaining:•users, for whom other products and services are literally one click away, largely on the basis of the relevance of our advertising, as well asthe general usefulness, security, and availability of our products and services;•advertisers, primarily based on our ability to generate sales leads, and ultimately customers, and to deliver their advertisements in an efficientand effective manner across a variety of distribution channels; and•content providers, primarily based on the quality of our advertiser base, our ability to help these partners generate revenues from advertising,and the terms of our agreements with them.For additional information about competition, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.7Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Ongoing Commitment to SustainabilityWe believe that every business has the opportunity and obligation to protect our planet. Sustainability is one of our core values at Google, andwe strive to build sustainability into everything we do. We have been a leader on sustainability and climate change since Google’s founding over 20years ago. These are some of our key achievements over the past two decades:•In 2007, we became the first major company to be carbon neutral for our operations.•In 2017, we became the first major company to match 100% of our annual electricity use with renewable energy, which we have achieved forfour consecutive years.•In 2020, we issued $5.75 billion in sustainability bonds—the largest sustainability or green bond issuance by any company in history at thetime. The net proceeds from the issuance are used to fund environmentally and socially responsible projects in the following eight areas:energy efficiency, clean energy, green buildings, clean transportation, circular economy and design, affordable housing, commitment to racialequity, and support for small businesses and COVID-19 crisis response. As of December 31, 2020, we have allocated $3.47 billion of the netproceeds, as outlined in our Sustainability Bond Impact Report published in 2021.•Also in 2020, we compensated for our legacy carbon footprint, making Google the first major company to be carbon neutral for its entireoperating history.Our sustainability strategy is focused on three key pillars: accelerating the transition to carbon-free energy and a circular economy, empoweringeveryone with technology, and benefiting the people and places where we operate.To accelerate the transition to a carbon-free economy, in 2020, we launched our third decade of climate action, and we are now working towarda new set of ambitious goals. By 2030, we aim to:•achieve net-zero emissions across all of our operations and value chain;•become the first major company to run on carbon-free energy 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 365 days a year;•enable 5 gigawatts of new carbon-free energy through investments in our key manufacturing regions; and•help more than 500 cities and local governments reduce an aggregate of 1 gigaton of carbon emissions annually.To accelerate the transition to a circular economy, we are working to maximize the reuse of finite resources across our operations, products, andsupply chains and to enable others to do the same. We are also working to empower everyone with technology by committing to help 1 billion peoplemake more sustainable choices by the end of 2022 through our core products.To benefit the people and places where we operate, we have set goals to replenish more water than we consume by 2030 and to support watersecurity in communities where we operate. We will focus on three areas: enhancing our stewardship of water resources across Google officecampuses and data centers; replenishing our water use and improving watershed health and ecosystems in water-stressed communities; and sharingtechnology and tools that help everyone predict, prevent, and recover from water stress.We remain steadfast in our commitment to sustainability, and we will continue to lead and encourage others to join us in improving the health ofour planet. We are proud of what we have achieved so far, and we are energized to help move the world closer to a more sustainable and carbon-free future for all.More information on our approach to sustainability can be found in our annual sustainability reports, including Google’s Environmental Reportand Alphabet’s 2021 Sustainability Bond Impact Report, which outlines the allocation of our net proceeds from our sustainability bonds. The contentsof our sustainability reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with theSEC. For additional information about risks and uncertainties applicable to our commitments to attain certain sustainability goals, see Risk Factors inItem 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Culture and WorkforceWe are a company of curious, talented, and passionate people. We embrace collaboration and creativity, and encourage the iteration of ideas toaddress complex challenges in technology and society.Our people are critical for our continued success, so we work hard to create an environment where employees can have fulfilling careers, andbe happy, healthy, and productive. We offer industry-leading benefits and programs to take care of the diverse needs of our employees and theirfamilies, including opportunities for career growth and8Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.development, resources to support their financial health, and access to excellent healthcare choices. Our competitive compensation programs helpus to attract and retain top candidates, and we will continue to invest in recruiting talented people to technical and non-technical roles, and rewardingthem well. We provide a variety of high quality training and support to our managers to build and strengthen their capabilities-–ranging from coursesfor new managers, to learning resources that help them provide feedback and manage performance, to coaching and individual support.At Alphabet, we are committed to making diversity, equity, and inclusion part of everything we do and to growing a workforce that isrepresentative of the users we serve. More information on Google’s approach to diversity can be found in our annual diversity reports, availablepublicly at diversity.google. The contents of our diversity reports are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in anyother report or document we file with the SEC.As of December 31, 2021, Alphabet had 156,500 employees. We have work councils and statutory employee representation obligations incertain countries, and we are committed to supporting protected labor rights, maintaining an open culture and listening to all employees. Supportinghealthy and open dialogue is central to how we work, and we communicate information about the company through multiple internal channels to ouremployees.When necessary, we contract with businesses around the world to provide specialized services where we do not have appropriate in-houseexpertise or resources, often in fields that require specialized training like cafe operations, content moderation, customer support, and physicalsecurity. We also contract with temporary staffing agencies when we need to cover short-term leaves, when we have spikes in business needs, orwhen we need to quickly incubate special projects. We choose our partners and staffing agencies carefully, and review their compliance withGoogle’s Supplier Code of Conduct. We continually make improvements to promote a respectful and positive working environment for everyone —employees, vendors, and temporary staff alike.Government RegulationWe are subject to numerous United States (U.S.) federal, state, and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. Likeother companies in the technology industry, we face heightened scrutiny from both U.S. and foreign governments with respect to our compliance withlaws and regulations. Many of these laws and regulations are evolving and their applicability and scope, as interpreted by the courts, remainuncertain.Our compliance with these laws and regulations may be onerous and could, individually or in the aggregate, increase our cost of doing business,make our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models, cause us to change our business practices, affect ourcompetitive position relative to our peers, and/or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, and operatingresults.For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Risk Factors in Item 1A, Trends in Our Business andFinancial Effect in Part II, Item 7, and Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of thisAnnual Report on Form 10-K.Intellectual PropertyWe rely on various intellectual property laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary technology and ourbrand. We have registered, and applied for the registration of, U.S. and international trademarks, service marks, domain names and copyrights. Wehave also filed patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries covering certain of our technology, and acquired patent assets to supplement ourportfolio. We have licensed in the past, and expect that we may license in the future, certain of our rights to other parties. For additional information,see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Available InformationOur website is located at www.abc.xyz, and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, are availablethrough our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file them with the SEC. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC's website atwww.sec.gov that has all of the reports that we file or furnish with the SEC.We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investmentcommunity. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other itemsthat may be material or of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also shareGoogle news and product updates on Google's Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/, that may be material or of interest to our investors. Further,corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance9Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Other." Thecontents of our websites are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with theSEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.ITEM 1A.RISK FACTORSOur operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described below, which couldharm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our Class A and Class C stock.Risks Specific to our CompanyWe generate a significant portion of our revenues from advertising, and reduced spending by advertisers, a loss of partners, or newand existing technologies that block ads online and/or affect our ability to customize ads could harm our business.We generated more than 80% of total revenues from the display of ads online in 2021. Many of our advertisers, companies that distribute ourproducts and services, digital publishers, and content providers can terminate their contracts with us at any time. These partners may not continue todo business with us if we do not create more value (such as increased numbers of users or customers, new sales leads, increased brand awareness,or more effective monetization) than their available alternatives. Changes to our advertising policies and data privacy practices, as well as changes toother companies’ advertising and/or data privacy practices have in the past, and may in the future, affect the advertising that we are able to provide,which could harm our business. In addition, technologies have been developed that make customized ads more difficult or that block the display ofads altogether and some providers of online services have integrated technologies that could potentially impair the availability and functionality ofthird-party digital advertising. Failing to provide superior value or deliver advertisements effectively and competitively could harm our reputation,financial condition, and operating results.In addition, expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns. Adversemacroeconomic conditions have affected, and may in the future affect, the demand for advertising, resulting in fluctuations in the amounts ouradvertisers spend on advertising, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.We face intense competition. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful to users, customers,and other partners, we may not remain competitive, which could harm our business and operating results.Our business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive. Our businesses face changing technologies, shifting user needs, andfrequent introductions of rival products and services. To compete successfully, we must accurately anticipate technology developments and deliverinnovative, relevant and useful products, services, and technologies in a timely manner. As our businesses evolve, the competitive pressure toinnovate will encompass a wider range of products and services. We must continue to invest significant resources in R&D, including throughacquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services.We have many competitors in different industries. Our current and potential domestic and international competitors range from large andestablished companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating histories and well established relationships in various sectors.They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect our competitive position, including by making acquisitions, continuing to investheavily in R&D and in talent, aggressively initiating intellectual property claims (whether or not meritorious), and continuing to compete aggressivelyfor users, advertisers, customers, and content providers. Further, discrepancies in enforcement of existing laws may enable our lesser knowncompetitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. Our competitorsmay also be able to innovate and provide products and services faster than we can or may foresee the need for products and services before us.Our operating results may also suffer if our products and services are not responsive to the needs of our users, advertisers, publishers,customers, and content providers. As technologies continue to develop, our competitors may be able to offer experiences that are, or that are seen tobe, substantially similar to or better than ours. This may force us to compete in different ways and expend significant resources in order to remaincompetitive. If our competitors are more successful than we are in providing compelling products and services or in attracting and retaining users,advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers, our operating results could be harmed.Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky, and could divert managementattention and harm our financial condition and operating results.10Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services, and technologies. The investments that we aremaking across Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets reflect our ongoing efforts to innovate and provide products and services that areuseful to users, advertisers, publishers, customers, and content providers. Our investments in Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets span awide range of industries beyond online advertising. Such investments ultimately may not be commercially viable or may not result in an adequatereturn of capital and, in pursuing new strategies, we may incur unanticipated liabilities. These endeavors may involve significant risks anduncertainties, including diversion of resources and management attention from current operations and, with respect to Other Bets, the use ofalternative investment, governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across the company or otherwiseaccomplish their objectives.Within Google Services, we continue to invest heavily in hardware, including our smartphones, home devices, and wearables, which is a highlycompetitive market with frequent introduction of new products and services, rapid adoption of technological advancements by competitors, shortproduct life cycles, evolving industry standards, continual improvement in product price and performance characteristics, and price and featuresensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses. There can be no assurance we will be able to provide hardware that competes effectively.Within Google Cloud, we devote significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google CloudPlatform and Google Workspace. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent,particularly to support and scale our salesforce. At the same time, our competitors are rapidly developing and deploying cloud-based services. Pricingand delivery models are competitive and evolving, and we may not attain sufficient scale and profitability to achieve our business objectives.Within Other Bets, we are investing significantly in the areas of health, life sciences, and transportation, among others. These investment areasface intense competition from large, experienced, and well-funded competitors and our offerings may not be able to compete effectively or to operateat sufficient levels of profitability.In addition, new and evolving products and services, including those that use AI and machine learning, raise ethical, technological, legal,regulatory, and other challenges, which may negatively affect our brands and demand for our products and services. Because all of these newventures are inherently risky, no assurance can be given that such strategies and offerings will be successful and will not harm our reputation,financial condition, and operating results.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future.Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition. Changes in device mix,geographic mix, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, and property mix and an increasing competition for advertising may also affect ouradvertising revenue growth rate. We may also experience a decline in our revenue growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, if there is adecrease in the rate of adoption of our products, services, and technologies, or due to deceleration or decline in demand for devices used to accessour services, among other factors.In addition, we may also experience downward pressure on our operating margin resulting from a variety of factors, such as the continuedexpansion of our business into new fields, including products and services such as hardware, Google Cloud, and subscription products, as well assignificant investments in Other Bets, all of which may have margins lower than those we generate from advertising. We may also experiencedownward pressure on our operating margins from increasing regulations, increasing competition, and increased costs for many aspects of ourbusiness. Due to these factors and the evolving nature of our business, our historical revenue growth rate and historical operating margin may not beindicative of our future performance. For additional information, see Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect in Part II, Item 7 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, andbrands as well as affect our ability to compete.Our patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights are important assets for us. Various events outside ofour control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services, and technologies. For example, effective intellectualproperty protection may not be available in every country in which our products and services are distributed or made available through the Internet.Also, the efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be sufficient or effective. Although we seek to obtain patent protection for ourinnovations, it is possible we may not be able to protect some of these innovations. Moreover, we may not have adequate patent or copyrightprotection for certain innovations that later turn out to be important. There is always the possibility that the scope of the protection gained will beinsufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.11Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We also seek to maintain certain intellectual property as trade secrets. The secrecy of such trade secrets and other sensitive information couldbe compromised, which could cause us to lose the competitive advantage resulting from these trade secrets. We also face risks associated with ourtrademarks. For example, there is a risk that the word “Google” could become so commonly used that it becomes synonymous with the word“search.” Some courts have ruled that "Google" is a protectable trademark, but it is possible that other courts, particularly those outside of the U.S.,may reach a different determination. If this happens, we could lose protection for this trademark, which could result in other people using the word“Google” to refer to their own products, thus diminishing our brand.Any significant impairment of our intellectual property rights could harm our business and our ability to compete. Also, protecting our intellectualproperty rights is costly and time consuming. Any increase in the unauthorized use of our intellectual property could make it more expensive to dobusiness and harm our operating results.Our business depends on strong brands, and failing to maintain and enhance our brands would hurt our ability to expand our base ofusers, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners.Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google Services,Google Cloud, and Other Bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products and services that better servethe needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. Our brands have been, and may in the future be, negativelyaffected by a number of factors, including, among others, reputational issues, third-party content shared on our platforms, data privacy and securityissues and developments, and product or technical performance failures. For example, if we fail to respond appropriately to the sharing ofmisinformation or objectionable content on our services and/or products or objectionable practices by advertisers, or otherwise to adequately addressuser concerns, our users may lose confidence in our brands.Furthermore, failure to maintain and enhance equity in our brands may harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Oursuccess will depend largely on our ability to remain a technology leader and continue to provide high-quality, trustworthy, innovative products andservices that are truly useful and play a valuable role in a range of settings.We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that could harm our financial condition, operating results, and prospects.We face a number of risks related to manufacturing and supply chain management, which could affect our ability to supply both our products andour internet-based services.We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our finished products; to design certain of our components and parts; to participate in thedistribution of our products and services; and to design, manufacture, or assemble certain components and parts in our technical infrastructure. Ourbusiness could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms,or if those we engage fail to meet their obligations (whether due to financial difficulties or other reasons), or make adverse changes in the pricing orother material terms of our arrangements with them.We have experienced and/or may in the future experience supply shortages and/or price increases that could negatively affect our operations,driven by raw material, component or part availability, manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, industry allocations, logistics capacity, tariffs, tradedisputes and barriers, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfiresand resultant air quality effects and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), and significant changes in thefinancial or business condition of our suppliers. In addition, some of the components we use in our technical infrastructure and products are availablefrom only one or limited sources, and we may not be able to find replacement vendors on favorable terms in the event of a supply chain disruption. Inaddition, a significant supply interruption that affects us or our vendors could delay critical data center upgrades or expansions and delay productavailability.We may enter into long-term contracts for materials and products that commit us to significant terms and conditions. We may be liable formaterials and products that are not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warrantyissues. For instance, because certain of our hardware supply contracts have volume-based pricing or minimum purchase requirements, if the volumeof our hardware sales decreases or does not reach projected targets, we could face increased materials and manufacturing costs or other financialliabilities that could make our products more costly per unit to manufacture and negatively affect our financial results. Furthermore, certain of ourcompetitors may negotiate more favorable contractual terms based on volume and other commitments that may provide them with competitiveadvantages and may affect our supply.12Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Our products and services have had, and in the future may have, quality issues resulting from design, manufacturing, or operations. Sometimes,these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. If the quality of our products and services does notmeet expectations or our products or services are defective, it could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results.We require our suppliers and business partners to comply with laws and, where applicable, our company policies, such as the Google SupplierCode of Conduct, regarding workplace and employment practices, data security, environmental compliance, and intellectual property licensing, butwe do not control them or their practices. Violations of law or unethical business practices could result in supply chain disruptions, canceled orders,harm to key relationships, and damage to our reputation. Their failure to procure necessary license rights to intellectual property could affect ourability to sell our products or services and expose us to litigation or financial claims.Interruption to, interference with, or failure of our complex information technology and communications systems could hurt our abilityto effectively provide our products and services, which could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. In addition,problems with the design or implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning system could harm our business andoperations.The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our informationtechnology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from modifications or upgrades,terrorist attacks, natural disasters or pandemics, the effects of climate change (such as sea level rise, drought, flooding, heat waves, wildfires andresultant air quality effects and power shutoffs associated with wildfire prevention, and increased storm severity), power loss, telecommunicationsfailures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, computer denial of service attacks, phishing schemes, or other attempts to harm or access oursystems. Some of our data centers are located in areas with a high risk of major earthquakes or other natural disasters. Our data centers are alsosubject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of vandalism, and, in some cases, to potential disruptions resulting from problems experienced byfacility operators. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. The occurrence ofa natural disaster or pandemic, closure of a facility, or other unanticipated problems affecting our data centers could result in lengthy interruptions inour service. In addition, our products and services are highly technical and complex and have contained in the past, and may contain in the future,errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in or failure of our services or systems.In addition, we rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in theprocess of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow offinancial information, improve data management, and provide timely information to our management team. As the phased implementation continues,we may experience delays, increased costs, and other difficulties. Failure to successfully design and implement the ERP system as planned couldharm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERPsystem does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected.Our international operations expose us to additional risks that could harm our business, our financial condition, and operatingresults.Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. Internationalrevenues accounted for approximately 54% of our consolidated revenues in 2021. In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, ourinternational operations expose us to other risks, including the following:•restrictions on foreign ownership and investments, and stringent foreign exchange controls that might prevent us from repatriating cashearned in countries outside the U.S.;•import and export requirements, tariffs and other market access barriers that may prevent or impede us from offering products or providingservices to a particular market, or that could limit our ability to source assemblies and finished products from a particular market, and mayincrease our operating costs;•longer payment cycles in some countries, increased credit risk, and higher levels of payment fraud;•an evolving foreign policy landscape that may adversely affect our revenues and could subject us to new regulatory costs and challenges(including the transfer of personal data between the EU and the United Kingdom and new customer requirements), in addition to otheradverse effects that we are unable to effectively anticipate;13Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other local laws prohibiting certain payments to governmentofficials, violations of which could result in civil and criminal penalties;•uncertainty regarding liability for services and content, including uncertainty as a result of local laws and lack of legal precedent; and•different employee/employer relationships, existence of works councils and labor unions, and other challenges caused by distance, language,and cultural differences, making it harder to do business in certain jurisdictions.Because we conduct business in currencies other than U.S. dollars but report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we have faced, and willcontinue to face, exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Although we hedge a portion of our international currency exposure,significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings. Hedgingprograms are also inherently risky and could expose us to additional risks that could harm our financial condition and operating results.Risks Related to our IndustryPeople access the Internet through a variety of platforms and devices that continue to evolve with the advancement of technology anduser preferences. If manufacturers and users do not widely adopt versions of our products and services developed for these interfaces,our business could be harmed.People access the Internet through a growing variety of devices such as desktop computers, mobile phones, smartphones, laptops and tablets,video game consoles, voice-activated speakers, wearables, automobiles, and television-streaming devices. Our products and services may be lesspopular on some interfaces. Each manufacturer or distributor may establish unique technical standards for its devices, and our products and servicesmay not be available or may only be available with limited functionality for our users or our advertisers on these devices as a result. Somemanufacturers may also elect not to include our products on their devices. In addition, search queries are increasingly being undertaken via voice-activated speakers, apps, social media or other platforms, which could harm our business. It is hard to predict the challenges we may encounter inadapting our products and services and developing competitive new products and services. We expect to continue to devote significant resources tocreating and supporting products and services across multiple platforms and devices. Failing to attract and retain a substantial number of new devicemanufacturers, suppliers, distributors, developers, and users, or failing to develop products and technologies that work well on new devices andplatforms, could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results and ability to capture future business opportunities.Data privacy and security concerns relating to our technology and our practices could damage our reputation, cause us to incursignificant liability, and deter current and potential users or customers from using our products and services. Software bugs or defects,security breaches, and attacks on our systems could result in the improper disclosure and use of user data and interference with ourusers’ and customers’ ability to use our products and services, harming our business operations and reputation.Concerns about, including the adequacy of, our practices with regard to the collection, use, governance, disclosure, or security of personalinformation or other data-privacy-related matters, even if unfounded, could harm our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. Our policiesand practices may change over time as expectations and regulations regarding privacy and data change.Our products and services involve the storage, handling, and transmission of proprietary and other sensitive information. Software bugs, theft,misuse, defects, vulnerabilities in our products and services, and security breaches expose us to a risk of loss or improper use and disclosure of suchinformation, which could result in litigation and other potential liability, including regulatory fines and penalties, as well as reputational harm.Additionally, our products incorporate highly technical and complex technologies, and thus our technologies and software have contained, and arelikely in the future to contain, undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. We have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover, some errorsin our software code only after we have released the code. Systems and control failures, security breaches, failure to comply with our privacy policies,and/or inadvertent disclosure of user data could result in government and legal exposure, seriously harm our reputation, brand, and business, andimpair our ability to attract and retain users or customers. Such incidents have occurred in the past and may continue to occur due to the scale andnature of our products and services. While there is no guarantee that such incidents will not cause significant damage, we expect to continue toexpend significant resources to maintain security protections that limit the effect of bugs, theft, misuse, and security vulnerabilities or breaches.We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. Cyber attacks continue toevolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. We have seen, and will continue to see,industry-wide vulnerabilities, such as the Log4j vulnerability reported in December 2021, which could affect our or other parties’ systems. We expectto continue to experience such14Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.incidents or vulnerabilities in the future. Our efforts to address undesirable activity on our platform may also increase the risk of retaliatory attack. Wemay experience future security issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors or vulnerabilities in our or other parties’systems. While we may not determine some of these issues to be material at the time they occur and may remedy them quickly, there is noguarantee that these issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries andenforcement actions, litigation, and negative publicity. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to, disable or degrade serviceprovided by or otherwise sabotage systems change frequently and often are recognized only after being launched against a target, even taking allreasonable precautions, including those required by law, we have been unable in the past and may continue to be unable to anticipate or detectattacks or vulnerabilities or implement adequate preventative measures.Further, if any partners with whom we share user or other customer information fail to implement adequate data-security practices or fail tocomply with our terms and policies or otherwise suffer a network or other security breach, our users’ information may be improperly accessed, used,or disclosed. If an actual or perceived breach of our or our business partners’ or service providers’ security occurs, the market perception of theeffectiveness of our security measures would be harmed, we could lose users and customers, our trade secrets or those of our business partnersmay be compromised, and we may be exposed to significant legal and financial risks, including legal claims (which may include class-action litigation)and regulatory action, fines, and penalties. Any of the foregoing consequences could have a material and adverse effect on our business, reputation,and results of operations.While we have dedicated significant resources to privacy and security incident response capabilities, including dedicated worldwide incidentresponse teams, our response process, particularly during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, may not be adequate, may fail to accuratelyassess the severity of an incident, may not be fast enough to prevent or limit harm, or may fail to sufficiently remediate an incident. As a result, wemay suffer significant legal, reputational, or financial exposure, which could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.For additional information, see also our risk factor on privacy and data protection regulations under ‘Risks Related to Laws and Regulations’below.Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse ofuser data.In addition to our efforts to prevent and mitigate cyber attacks, we are making significant investments in safety, security, and review efforts tocombat misuse of our services and unauthorized access to user data by third parties, including investigation and review of platform applications thatcould access the information of users of our services. As a result of these efforts, we have in the past discovered, and may in the future discover,incidents of unnecessary access to or misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. However, we may not have discovered, andmay in the future not discover, all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of our data limitations, including our lack of visibility over ourencrypted services, the scale of activity on our platform, or other factors, including factors outside of our control such as a natural disaster orpandemic, and we may learn of such incidents or activity via third parties. Such incidents and activities may include the use of user data or oursystems in a manner inconsistent with our terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable user accounts, election interference,improper ad purchases, activities that threaten people’s safety on- or off-line, or instances of spamming, scraping, or spreading disinformation. Whilewe may not determine some of these incidents to be material at the time they occurred and we may remedy them quickly, there is no guarantee thatthese issues will not ultimately result in significant legal, financial, and reputational harm, including government inquiries and enforcement actions,litigation, and negative publicity.We may also be unsuccessful in our efforts to enforce our policies or otherwise prevent or remediate any such incidents. Any of the foregoingdevelopments may negatively affect user trust and engagement, harm our reputation and brands, require us to change our business practices inways that harm our business operations and adversely affect our business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject us toadditional litigation and regulatory inquiries, which could result in monetary penalties and damages, divert management’s time and attention, and leadto enhanced regulatory oversight.Problematic content on our platforms, including low-quality user-generated content, web spam, content farms, and other violations ofour guidelines could affect the quality of our services, which could damage our reputation and deter our current and potential users fromusing our products and services.We, like others in the industry, face violations of our content guidelines across our platforms, including sophisticated attempts by bad actors tomanipulate our hosting and advertising systems to fraudulently generate revenues, or to otherwise generate traffic that does not represent genuineuser interest or intent. While we invest significantly in efforts to promote high-quality and relevant results and to detect and prevent low-quality contentand15Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.invalid traffic, we have been unable and may continue to be unable to adequately detect and prevent all such abuses or promote uniformly high-quality content.Many websites violate or attempt to violate our guidelines, including by seeking to inappropriately rank higher in search results than our searchengine's assessment of their relevance and utility would rank them. Such efforts have affected, and may continue to affect, the quality of content onour platforms and lead them to display false, misleading, or undesirable content. Although English-language web spam in our search results has beenreduced, and web spam in most other languages is limited, we expect web spammers will continue to seek inappropriate ways to improve theirrankings. We continuously combat web spam in our search results, including through indexing technology that makes it harder for spam-like, lessuseful web content to rank highly. We also continue to invest in and deploy proprietary technology to detect and prevent web spam on our platforms.We also face other challenges from low-quality and irrelevant content websites, including content farms, which are websites that generate largequantities of low-quality content to help them improve their search rankings. We are continually launching algorithmic changes designed to detect andprevent abuse from low-quality websites. We also face other challenges on our platforms, including violations of our content guidelines involvingincidents such as attempted election interference, activities that threaten the safety and/or well-being of our users on- or off-line, and the spreading ofmisinformation or disinformation.If we fail to either detect and prevent an increase in problematic content or effectively promote high-quality content, it could hurt our reputationfor delivering relevant information or reduce use of our platforms, harming our financial condition or operating results. It may also subject us tolitigation and regulatory action, which could result in monetary penalties and damages and divert management’s time and attention.Our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the Internet by us and our users. Internet access providers may beable to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services, which could lead to additional expenses andthe loss of users and advertisers.Our products and services depend on the ability of our users to access the Internet, and certain of our products require significant bandwidth towork effectively. Currently, this access is provided by companies that have significant market power in the broadband and internet accessmarketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, and government-owned serviceproviders. Some of these providers have taken, or have stated that they may take measures that could degrade, disrupt, or increase the cost of useraccess to certain of our products by restricting or prohibiting the use of their infrastructure to support or facilitate our offerings, by charging increasedfees to us or our users to provide our offerings, or by providing our competitors preferential access. Some jurisdictions have adopted regulationsprohibiting certain forms of discrimination by internet access providers; however, substantial uncertainty exists in the U.S. and elsewhere regardingsuch protections. For example, in 2018 the U.S. Federal Communications Commission repealed net neutrality rules, which could permit internetaccess providers to restrict, block, degrade, or charge for access to certain of our products and services. In addition, in some jurisdictions, ourproducts and services have been subject to government-initiated restrictions or blockages. These could harm existing key relationships, including withour users, customers, advertisers, and/or content providers, and impair our ability to attract new ones; damage our reputation; and increase costs,thereby negatively affecting our business.Risks Related to Laws, Regulations, and PoliciesWe face increased regulatory scrutiny as well as changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and policies governing a wide range oftopics that may negatively affect our business.We and other companies in the technology industry face increased regulatory scrutiny, enforcement action, and other proceedings. For instance,the U.S. Department of Justice, joined by a number of state Attorneys General, filed an antitrust complaint against Google on October 20, 2020,alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. Similarly, on December 16, 2020, a number of stateAttorneys General filed an antitrust complaint against Google in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, alleging that Google violatedU.S. antitrust laws as well as state deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology. Various other regulatory agencies in the U.S. andaround the world, including competition enforcers, consumer protection agencies, data protection authorities, grand juries, inter-agency consultativegroups, and a range of other governmental bodies have and continue to review and in some cases challenge our products and services and theircompliance with laws and regulations around the world. We continue to cooperate with these investigations and defend litigation where appropriate.Various laws, regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have in the past, and may in the future, result in substantialfines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing auditing and monitoring obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our businessmodels and operations, and collateral litigation, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.16Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Changes in international and local social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies have in the past, and may inthe future, increase our cost of doing business and limit our ability to pursue certain business models, offer products or services in certainjurisdictions, or cause us to change our business practices. We have in the past had to alter or stop offering certain products and services as a resultof laws or regulations that made them unfeasible, and new laws or regulations could result in our having to terminate, alter, or withdraw products andservices in the future. Additional costs of doing business, new limitations, or changes to our business model or practices could harm our business,reputation, financial condition, and operating results.We are subject to regulations, laws, and policies that govern a wide range of topics, including those related to matters beyond our core productsand services. For instance, new regulations, laws, policies, and international accords relating to environmental and social matters, includingsustainability, climate change, human capital, and diversity, are being developed and formalized in Europe, the U.S., and elsewhere, which may entailspecific, target-driven frameworks and/or disclosure requirements. We have implemented robust environmental and social programs, adoptedreporting frameworks and principles, and announced a number of goals and initiatives, including those related to environmental sustainability anddiversity. The implementation of these goals and initiatives may require considerable investments, and our goals, with all of their contingencies,dependencies, and in certain cases, reliance on third-party verification and/or performance, are complex and ambitious, and we cannot guaranteethat we will achieve them.Additionally, there can be no assurance that our current programs, reporting frameworks, and principles will be in compliance with any newenvironmental and social laws and regulations that may be promulgated in the U.S. and elsewhere, and the costs of changing any of our currentpractices to comply with any new legal and regulatory requirements in the U.S. and elsewhere may be substantial. Furthermore, industry and marketpractices may further develop to become even more robust than what is required under any new laws and regulations, and we may have to expendsignificant efforts and resources to keep up with market trends and stay competitive among our peers.A variety of new and existing laws and/or interpretations could harm our business.We are subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws and regulations covering a wide variety of subject matters. New laws and regulations, or newinterpretations or applications of existing laws and regulations in a manner inconsistent with our practices, have made, and may continue to make,our products and services less useful, limit our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions,require us to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil or criminal liability, or cause us to change our business practices. These laws and regulationsare evolving and involve matters central to our business, including, among others:•Laws and regulations around the world focused on large technology platforms, including the Digital Markets Act in the European Union andproposed antitrust legislation on self-preferencing and mergers and acquisitions in the U.S., which may limit certain business practices, and insome cases, create the risk of significant penalties.•Privacy laws, such as the GDPR, CCPA, CPRA, Virginia CDPA, and ColoPA (as defined and discussed further below).•Data protection laws passed by many states within the U.S. and by certain countries regarding notification to data subjects and/or regulatorswhen there is a security breach of personal data.•Consumer protection laws, including EU’s New Deal for Consumers, which could result in monetary penalties and create a range of newcompliance obligations.•New laws further restricting the collection, processing and/or sharing of advertising-related data. Copyright or similar laws around the world,including the EU Directive on Copyright in the Digital Single Market (EUCD) and EU member state transpositions. These and similar laws thathave been adopted or proposed introduce new licensing regimes that could affect our ability to operate. The EUCD and similar laws couldalso increase the liability of some content-sharing services with respect to content uploaded by their users. Some of these laws, as well asfollow-on administrative or judicial actions, have also created or may create a new property right in news publications that limits the ability ofsome online services to link to, interact with, or present such content. They may also require individual or collective compensationnegotiations with news agencies and publishers for the use of such content, which may result in payment obligations that significantly exceedthe value that such content provides to Google and its users, potentially harming our services, commercial operations, and business results.•Data localization laws, which generally mandate that certain types of data collected in a particular country be stored and/or processed withinthat country.17Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Various U.S. and international laws that govern the distribution of certain materials to children and regulate the ability of online services tocollect information from minors, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the United Kingdom’s Age-AppropriateDesign Code.•Various laws with regard to content moderation and removal, and related disclosure obligations, such as the Network Enforcement Act inGermany and the European Union's pending Digital Services Act, which may affect our businesses and operations and may subject us tosignificant fines if such laws are interpreted and applied in a manner inconsistent with our practices or when we may not proactively discoversuch content due to the scale of third-party content and the limitations of existing technologies. Other countries, including Singapore,Australia, and the United Kingdom, have implemented or are considering similar legislation imposing penalties for failure to remove certaintypes of content.•Various legislative, litigation, and regulatory activity regarding our Google Play billing policies and business model, which could result inmonetary penalties, damages and/or prohibition.•Various legislative and regulatory activity requiring disclosure of information about the operation of our services and algorithms, which maymake it easier for websites to artificially promote low-quality, deceptive, or harmful content on services like Google Search and YouTube,potentially harming the quality of our services.In addition, the applicability and scope of these laws, as interpreted by the courts, remain uncertain and could harm our business. For example:•We rely on statutory safe harbors, as set forth in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act inthe U.S. and the E-Commerce Directive in Europe, against liability for various linking, caching, and hosting activities. Any legislation or courtrulings affecting these safe harbors may adversely affect us. There are legislative proposals in both the U.S. and EU that could reduce oursafe harbor protection.•Court decisions such as the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) on May 13, 2014 on the ‘right to be forgotten,’which allows individuals to demand that Google remove search results about them in certain instances, may limit the content we can show toour users and impose significant operational burdens.The introduction of new businesses, products, services, and technologies, our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions we take havesubjected us, and will likely continue to subject us, to additional laws and regulations. Our investment in a variety of new fields, such as healthcareand payment services, has expanded, and will continue to expand, the scope of regulations that apply to our business. The costs of compliance withthese laws and regulations are high and are likely to increase in the future. Any failure on our part to comply with laws and regulations can result innegative publicity and diversion of management time and effort and may subject us to significant liabilities and other penalties.We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, other proceedings, and consent decrees that may harm our business,financial condition, and operating results.We are subject to claims, suits, government investigations, other proceedings, and consent decrees involving competition, intellectual property,data privacy and security, consumer protection, tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods andservices offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, and other matters. Due to our manufacturing and sale of an expanded suite ofproducts and services, including hardware as well as Google Cloud offerings, we also are subject to a variety of claims including product warranty,product liability, and consumer protection claims related to product defects, among other litigation. We may also be subject to claims involving healthand safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental effects, or service disruptions or failures.Any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse effect on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, negativepublicity and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that requires significant judgment. Theresolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties, injunctions, andother sanctions that could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.We may be subject to legal liability associated with providing online services or content.Our products and services let users exchange information, advertise products and services, conduct business, and engage in various onlineactivities. We also place advertisements displayed on other companies’ websites, and we offer third-party products, services, and/or content. The lawrelating to the liability of online service providers for others’ activities on their services is still somewhat unsettled around the world. Claims have beenbrought against us, and we18Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.expect will continue to be brought against us, for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, copyright and trademark infringement, unfaircompetition, unlawful activity, torts, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of information available on or via our services.We may be subject to claims by virtue of our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to content created bythird parties. Defense of such actions could be costly and involve significant time and attention of our management and other resources, may result inmonetary liabilities or penalties, and may require us to change our business in an adverse manner.Privacy and data protection regulations are complex and rapidly evolving areas. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with theselaws could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.Authorities around the world have adopted and are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection andlimits on encryption of user data. Adverse legal rulings, legislation, or regulation have resulted in, and may continue to result in, fines and ordersrequiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to provide services, harming our business operations.Complying with these evolving laws could result in substantial costs and harm the quality of our products and services, negatively affecting ourbusiness, and may be particularly challenging during certain times, such as a natural disaster or pandemic. Amongst others, we are and will besubject to the following laws and regulations:•The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), which applies to all of our activities conducted from an establishment in the EU or related toproducts and services that we offer to EU users or customers, or the monitoring of their behavior in the EU. Ensuring compliance with therange of obligations created by the GDPR is an ongoing commitment that involves substantial costs. Despite our efforts, governmentalauthorities or others have asserted and may continue to assert that our business practices fail to comply with its requirements. If ouroperations are found to violate the GDPR requirements, we may incur substantial fines, have to change our business practices, and facereputational harm, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. Serious breaches of the GDPR can result in administrativefines of up to 4% of annual worldwide revenues. Fines of up to 2% of annual worldwide revenues can be levied for other specified violations.•Various state privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which came into effect in January of 2020; theCalifornia Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), which will go into effect in 2023; the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (Virginia CDPA), which willgo into effect in 2023; and the Colorado Privacy Act (ColoPA), which will go into effect in 2023; all of which give new data privacy rights totheir respective residents (including, in California, a private right of action in the event of a data breach resulting from our failure to implementand maintain reasonable security procedures and practices) and impose significant obligations on controllers and processors of consumerdata.•SB-327 in California, which regulates the security of data in connection with internet connected devices.Further, we are subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, processand/or receive personal data. The EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks that previously allowed U.S. companies that self-certify tothe U.S. Department of Commerce and publicly commit to comply with specified requirements to import personal data from the EU and Switzerlandhave been invalidated by the CJEU. The CJEU upheld Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) as a valid transfer mechanism, provided they meetcertain requirements. On June 4, 2021, the European Commission published new SCCs for this purpose, and we may have to adapt our existingcontractual arrangements to meet these new requirements. The validity of data transfer mechanisms remains subject to legal, regulatory, and politicaldevelopments in both Europe and the U.S., such as recent recommendations from the European Data Protection Board, decisions from supervisoryauthorities, recent proposals for reform of the data transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data outside the United Kingdom, and potentialinvalidation of other data transfer mechanisms, which, together with increased enforcement action from supervisory authorities in relation to cross-border transfers of personal data, could have a significant adverse effect on our ability to process and transfer personal data outside of the EuropeanEconomic Area and/or the United Kingdom.These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, including developments which create some uncertainty, and complianceobligations could cause us to incur costs or harm the operations of our products and services in ways that harm our business. For example, in theEU, several supervisory authorities have issued new guidance concerning the ePrivacy Directive’s requirements regarding the use of cookies andsimilar technologies, including limitations on the use of data across messaging products and specific requirements for enabling users to accept orreject cookies, and have in some cases brought (and may seek to bring in the future) enforcement action in relation to those requirements. In theU.S., certain types of cookies may be deemed sales of personal information19Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.within the CCPA and other state laws, such that certain disclosure requirements and limitations apply to the use of such cookies. In addition, somecountries are considering or have passed legislation implementing data protection requirements or requiring local storage and processing of data thatcould increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services and carries the potential of service interruptions in those countries.We face, and may continue to face, intellectual property and other claims that could be costly to defend, result in significant damageawards or other costs (including indemnification awards), and limit our ability to use certain technologies in the future.We, like other internet, technology and media companies, are frequently subject to litigation based on allegations of infringement or otherviolations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent-holding companies may frequently seek to generate income from patents they haveobtained by bringing claims against us. As we have grown, the number of intellectual property claims against us has increased and may continue toincrease as we develop new products, services, and technologies.We have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services,and technologies infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Other parties have also sought broad injunctive relief against us by filing claims inU.S. and international courts and the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) for exclusion and cease-and-desist orders, which could limit ourability to sell our products or services in the U.S. or elsewhere if our products or services or those of our customers or suppliers are found to infringethe intellectual property subject to the claims. Adverse results in any of these lawsuits may include awards of monetary damages, costly royalty orlicensing agreements (if licenses are available at all), or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. Theymay also cause us to change our business practices and require development of non-infringing products, services, or technologies, which could resultin a loss of revenues for us and otherwise harm our business.Many of our agreements with our customers and partners, including certain suppliers, require us to defend against certain intellectual propertyinfringement claims and in some cases indemnify them for certain intellectual property infringement claims against them, which could result inincreased costs for defending such claims or significant damages if there were an adverse ruling in any such claims. Such customers and partnersmay also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss ofrevenues and adversely affect our business. Moreover, intellectual property indemnities provided to us by our suppliers, when obtainable, may notcover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers arising from intellectual property infringement claims. Furthermore, in connectionwith our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities, including thoseassociated with intellectual property claims. Regardless of their merits, intellectual property claims are often time consuming and expensive to litigateor settle. To the extent such claims are successful, they may harm our business, including our product and service offerings, financial condition, oroperating results.Risks Related to Ownership of our StockWe cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or will enhance long-term stockholder value, andshare repurchases could increase the volatility of our stock prices and could diminish our cash reserves.We engage in share repurchases of our Class A and Class C stock from time to time in accordance with authorizations from the Board ofDirectors of Alphabet. Our repurchase program does not have an expiration date and does not obligate Alphabet to repurchase any specific dollaramount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Further, our share repurchases could affect our share trading prices, increase their volatility,reduce our cash reserves and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading prices of our stock.The concentration of our stock ownership limits our stockholders’ ability to influence corporate matters.Our Class B stock has 10 votes per share, our Class A stock has one vote per share, and our Class C stock has no voting rights. As ofDecember 31, 2021, Larry Page and Sergey Brin beneficially owned approximately 85.9% of our outstanding Class B stock, which representedapproximately 51.4% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Through their stock ownership, Larry and Sergey have significantinfluence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a mergeror other sale of our company or our assets, for the foreseeable future. In addition, because our Class C stock carries no voting rights (except asrequired by applicable law), the issuance of the Class C stock, including in future stock-based acquisition transactions and to fund employee equityincentive programs, could continue Larry and Sergey’s current relative voting power and their ability to elect all of our directors and to determine theoutcome of most matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The share repurchases made pursuant to our repurchase program may also20Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.affect Larry and Sergey’s relative voting power. This concentrated control limits or severely restricts other stockholders’ ability to influence corporatematters and we may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view as beneficial, which could reduce the market price of our Class A stockand our Class C stock.Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable.Provisions in Alphabet’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes inour management. These provisions include the following:•Our certificate of incorporation provides for a tri-class capital stock structure. As a result of this structure, Larry and Sergey have significantinfluence over all matters requiring stockholder approval. This concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potentialmerger, takeover, or other change of control transaction that other stockholders may view as beneficial.•Our Board of Directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board of Directors or the resignation,death, or removal of a director.•Our stockholders may not act by written consent, which makes it difficult to take certain actions without holding a stockholders' meeting.•Our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors. This limits the ability of minority stockholders to electdirector candidates.•Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board of Directors or to propose matters that can beacted upon at a stockholders’ meeting. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxiesto elect the acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company.•Our Board of Directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock, which makes it possible for ourBoard of Directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquireus.As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may notengage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its outstanding voting stock unless the holder has held the stock for three yearsor, among other things, the Board of Directors has approved the transaction. Our Board of Directors could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay anacquisition of us.General RisksThe continuing effects of COVID-19 are highly unpredictable and could be significant, and may have an adverse effect on ourbusiness, operations and our future financial performance.Since COVID-19 was declared a global pandemic by the World Health Organization, our business, operations and financial performance havebeen, and may continue to be, affected by the macroeconomic impacts resulting from the efforts to control the spread of COVID-19. As a result of thescale of the ongoing pandemic, including the introduction of new variants of COVID-19 and vaccination and other efforts to control the spread, ourrevenue growth rate and expenses as a percentage of our revenues in future periods may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our futureoperating results may fall below expectations. Additionally, we may experience a significant and prolonged shift in user behavior such as a shift ininterests to less commercial topics.As a result of the pandemic, our workforce shifted to operating in a primarily remote working environment, which continues to create inherentproductivity, connectivity, and oversight challenges. The effects of the ongoing pandemic are dynamic and uneven. As we prepare to return ourworkforce in more locations back to the office, we may experience increased costs and/or disruption as we experiment with hybrid work models, inaddition to potential effects on our ability to operate effectively and maintain our corporate culture.Our operating results may fluctuate, which makes our results difficult to predict and could cause our results to fall short ofexpectations.Our operating results have fluctuated, and may in the future fluctuate, as a result of a number of factors, many outside of our control, includingthe cyclicality and seasonality in our business and geopolitical events. As a result, comparing our operating results (including our expenses as apercentage of our revenues) on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and our past results should not be relied on as an indication of ourfuture performance. Consequently, our operating results in future quarters may fall below expectations.21Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments, and divestitures could result in operating difficulties, dilution, and other consequences thatmay harm our business, financial condition, and operating results.Acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and divestitures are important elements of our overall corporate strategy and use of capital, and thesetransactions could be material to our financial condition and operating results. We expect to continue to evaluate and enter into discussions regardinga wide array of such potential strategic transactions, which could create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures. Some of the areas wherewe face risks include:•diversion of management time and focus from operating our business to challenges related to acquisitions and other strategic transactions;•failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or conditions placed upon approval that could,among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial orstrategic goals of a transaction;•failure to successfully integrate and further develop the acquired business or technology;•implementation or remediation of controls, procedures, and policies at the acquired company;•integration of the acquired company’s accounting, human resource (including cultural integration and retention of employees), and otheradministrative systems, and coordination of product, engineering, and sales and marketing functions;•transition of operations, users, and customers onto our existing platforms;•in the case of foreign acquisitions, the need to integrate operations across different cultures and languages and to address the particulareconomic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries;•liability for activities of the acquired company before the acquisition, including patent and trademark infringement claims, data privacy andsecurity issues, violations of laws, commercial disputes, tax liabilities, warranty claims, product liabilities, and other known and unknownliabilities; and•litigation or other claims in connection with the acquired company, including claims from terminated employees, customers, formerstockholders, or other third parties.Our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and other strategictransactions could cause us to fail to realize their anticipated benefits, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.Our acquisitions and other strategic transactions could also result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingentliabilities, or amortization expenses, or impairment of goodwill and/or purchased long-lived assets, and restructuring charges, any of which couldharm our financial condition or operating results. Also, the anticipated benefits or value of our acquisitions and other strategic transactions may notmaterialize. In connection with our divestitures, we have agreed, and may in the future agree, to provide indemnification for certain potential liabilities,which may harm our financial condition or operating results.If we were to lose the services of key personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy.Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. For instance, SundarPichai is critical to the overall management of Alphabet and its subsidiaries and plays an important role in the development of our technology,maintaining our culture, and setting our strategic direction. All of our executive officers and key employees are at-will employees, and we do notmaintain any key-person life insurance policies. The loss of key personnel could seriously harm our business.We rely on highly skilled personnel and, if we are unable to retain or motivate key personnel, hire qualified personnel, or maintain ourcorporate culture, we may not be able to grow effectively.Our performance largely depends on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Our ability to compete effectively and our future successdepends on our continuing to identify, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition in ourindustry for qualified employees is intense, and certain of our competitors have directly targeted our employees. In addition, our compensationarrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating ourexisting employees. Restrictive immigration policy and regulatory changes may also affect our ability to hire, mobilize, or retain some of our globaltalent.22Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.In addition, we believe that our corporate culture fosters innovation, creativity, and teamwork. As our organization grows and evolves, we mayneed to implement more complex organizational management structures or adapt our corporate culture and work environments to ever-changingcircumstances, such as during times of a natural disaster or pandemic, and these changes could affect our ability to compete effectively or have anadverse effect on our corporate culture.We are exposed to fluctuations in the fair values of our investments and, in some instances, our financial statements incorporatevaluation methodologies that are subjective in nature resulting in fluctuations over time.The fair value of our investments may in the future be, and certain investments have been in the past, negatively affected by liquidity, creditdeterioration or losses, performance and financial results of the underlying entities, foreign exchange rates, changes in interest rates, includingchanges that may result from the implementation of new benchmark rates, the effect of new or changing regulations, the stock market in general, orother factors.We measure certain of our non-marketable equity and debt securities, certain other instruments including stock-based compensation awardssettled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certain assets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, at fair value on a nonrecurring basis.The determination of fair value involves use of appropriate valuation methods and certain unobservable inputs, requires management judgment andestimation, and may change over time. We adjust the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities to fair value for observable transactionsof identical or similar investments of the same issuer or for impairments. All gains and losses on non-marketable equity securities, are recognized inother income (expense), which increases the volatility of our other income (expense). The unrealized gains and losses we record from fair valueremeasurements of our non-marketable equity securities in any particular period may differ significantly from the gains or losses we ultimatelyexperience on such investments.As a result of these factors, the value or liquidity of our cash equivalents, as well as our marketable and non-marketable securities could declineand result in a material impairment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.We could be subject to changes in tax rates, the adoption of new U.S. or international tax legislation, or exposure to additional taxliabilities.Our future income taxes could be negatively affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax ratesand higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, the net gains and losses recognized by legal entities on certainhedges and related hedged intercompany and other transactions under our foreign exchange risk management program, decreases in our stock pricefor shares paid as employee compensation, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, the application of different provisions oftax laws or changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles (including changes in the interpretation of existing laws), as well as certaindiscrete items.In addition, we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. As a result, we have received, and may inthe future receive, assessments in multiple jurisdictions, including in Europe, on various tax-related assertions, such as transfer-pricing adjustmentsor permanent-establishment claims. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results andfinancial condition and could require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. It may also subject us to additionallitigation and regulatory inquiries, resulting in the diversion of management’s time and attention. In addition, the determination of our worldwideprovision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations for which theultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amountsrecorded in our financial statements and may affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made.Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significantchanges in ways that impair our financial results. Various jurisdictions around the world have enacted or are considering digital services taxes, whichcould lead to inconsistent and potentially overlapping international tax regimes. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development(OECD) continues to advance proposals relating to its initiative for modernizing international tax rules, with the goal of having different countriesimplement a modernized and aligned international tax framework, but there can be no guarantee that this will occur.In addition, in response to significant market volatility and disruptions to business operations resulting from the global spread of COVID-19,legislatures and taxing authorities in many jurisdictions in which we operate may propose changes to their tax rules. These changes could includemodifications that have temporary effect, and more permanent23Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.changes. The effect of these potential new rules on us, our long-term tax planning, and our effective tax rate could be material.The trading price for our Class A stock and non-voting Class C stock may continue to be volatile.The trading price of our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility and may continue to be volatile. In addition to the factorsdiscussed in this report, the trading price of our Class A stock and Class C stock have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate widely, in response tovarious factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among others, the activities of our peers and changes in broader economic andpolitical conditions around the world. These broad market and industry factors may harm the market price of our Class A stock and our Class C stock,regardless of our actual operating performance.ITEM 1B.UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTSNot applicable.ITEM 2.PROPERTIESOur headquarters are located in Mountain View, California. We also own and lease office and building space in the surrounding areas near ourheadquarters. In addition, we own and lease office/building space and R&D sites around the world, primarily in North America, Europe, SouthAmerica, and Asia. We own and operate data centers in the U.S., Europe, South America, and Asia. We believe our existing facilities, both ownedand leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business.ITEM 3.LEGAL PROCEEDINGSFor a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Legal Matters in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 4.MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURESNot applicable.24Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIITEM 5.MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITYSECURITIESAs of October 2, 2015, Alphabet Inc. became the successor issuer of Google Inc. pursuant to Rule 12g-3(a) under the Exchange Act. Our ClassA common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since August 19, 2004 and under the symbol"GOOGL" since April 3, 2014. Prior to August 19, 2004, there was no public market for our stock. Our Class B common stock is neither listed nortraded. Our Class C capital stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “GOOG” since April 3, 2014.Holders of RecordAs of December 31, 2021, there were approximately 4,907 and 1,733 stockholders of record of our Class A common stock and Class C capitalstock, respectively. Because many of our shares of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock are held by brokers and other institutions onbehalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. As of December 31, 2021,there were approximately 64 stockholders of record of our Class B common stock.Dividend PolicyWe have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common or capital stock. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for thelong-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return tostockholders.Issuer Purchases of Equity SecuritiesThe following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A common stock and Class C capital stock during thequarter ended December 31, 2021:PeriodTotal Number of ClassA Shares Purchased(in thousands) Total Number of ClassC Shares Purchased(in thousands) Average Price Paidper Class A ShareAverage Price Paidper Class C ShareTotal Number ofShares Purchased asPart of PubliclyAnnounced Programs(in thousands) Approximate DollarValue of Shares thatMay Yet Be PurchasedUnder the Program(in millions)October 1 - 31126 1,445 $2,812.76 $2,794.72 1,571 $26,450 November 1 - 30289 1,393 $2,943.97 $2,956.73 1,682 $21,479 December 1 - 31250 1,169 $2,880.79 $2,898.56 1,419 $17,371 Total665 4,007 4,672     The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through openmarket purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. SeeNote 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information related to sharerepurchases.    Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases.(1)(1)(2)(2)(1)(1)(2)25Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Stock Performance GraphsThe graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class A's cumulative 5-year total stockholder return on common stock with the cumulative total returnsof the S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100investment in our common stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2021. Thereturns shown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS A COMMON STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2016 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright 2022 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.©26Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The graph below matches Alphabet Inc. Class C's cumulative 5-year total stockholder return on capital stock with the cumulative total returns ofthe S&P 500 index, the NASDAQ Composite index, and the RDG Internet Composite index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investmentin our Class C capital stock and in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from December 31, 2016 to December 31, 2021. The returnsshown are based on historical results and are not intended to suggest future performance.COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE 5-YEAR TOTAL RETURN*ALPHABET INC. CLASS C CAPITAL STOCKAmong Alphabet Inc., the S&P 500 Index, theNASDAQ Composite Index, and the RDG Internet Composite Index*$100 invested on December 31, 2016 in stock or in index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31.Copyright 2022 S&P, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.ITEM 6.[Reserved]©27Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONSPlease read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with “Note about Forward-LookingStatements,” Part I, Item 1 "Business," Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included underItem 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.We have omitted discussion of 2019 results where it would be redundant to the discussion previously included in Item 7 of our 2020 AnnualReport on Form 10-K.Understanding Alphabet’s Financial ResultsAlphabet is a collection of businesses — the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud;we also report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. Other Bets include earlier stage technologies that are further afield from our coreGoogle business. For further details on our segments, see Part I, Item 1 “Business” and Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Trends in Our Business and Financial EffectThe following long-term trends have contributed to the results of our consolidated operations, and we anticipate that they will continue to affectour future results:•Users' behaviors and advertising continue to shift online as the digital economy evolves.The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, contributing to revenue growth,and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business.•Users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services, and our advertising revenues areincreasingly coming from new formats.Our users are accessing the Internet via diverse devices and modalities, such as smartphones, wearables and smart home devices, and want tobe able to be connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We are focused on expanding our products and services to stay in front ofthese trends in order to maintain and grow our business.We are increasingly generating advertising revenues from different channels, including mobile, and newer advertising formats. The margins onadvertising revenues from these channels and newer products have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. Additionally, asthe market for a particular device type or modality matures, our revenues may be affected. For example, growth in the global smartphone market hasslowed due to various factors, including increased market saturation in developed countries, which can affect our mobile advertising revenue growthrates.We expect TAC paid to our distribution partners and Google Network partners to increase as our revenues grow and TAC as a percentage of ouradvertising revenues ("TAC rate") to be affected by changes in device mix; geographic mix; partner mix; partner agreement terms; the percentage ofqueries channeled through paid access points; product mix; the relative revenue growth rates of advertising revenues from different channels; andrevenue share terms.We expect these trends to continue to affect our revenue growth rates and put pressure on our margins.•As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings, which may affect our monetization.As interactions between users and advertisers change, and as online user behavior evolves, we continue to expand and evolve our productofferings to serve these changing needs. Over time, we expect our monetization trends to fluctuate. For example, we have seen an increase inrevenues from ads on YouTube and Google Play, which monetize at a lower rate than our traditional search ads.•As users in developing economies increasingly come online, our revenues from international markets continue to increase andmovements in foreign exchange rates affect such revenues.The shift to online, as well as the advent of the multi-device world, has brought opportunities outside of the U.S., including in emerging markets,such as India. We continue to invest heavily and develop localized versions of our products and advertising programs relevant to our users in thesemarkets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from emerging markets. We expect that our results will continue to be affected by ourperformance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. This trend could affect our revenues as developingmarkets initially monetize at a lower rate than more mature markets.28Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.International revenues represent a significant portion of our revenues and are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relativeto the U.S. dollar. While we have a foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations, this programdoes not fully offset their effect on our revenues and earnings.•The portion of revenues that we derive from non-advertising revenues is increasing and may adversely affect margins.Non-advertising revenues have grown over time. We expect this trend to continue as we focus on expanding our offerings through products andservices like Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware products, and YouTube subscriptions. We currently derive non-advertising revenues primarily fromsales of apps and in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware; and licensing and service fees, including fees received for Google Cloudservices and subscription and other services. A number of Other Bets initiatives are in their initial development stages, and as such, revenues fromthese businesses could be volatile. In addition, the margins on these revenues vary significantly and may be lower than the margins on ouradvertising revenues.•As we continue to serve our users and expand our businesses, we will invest heavily in operating and capital expenditures.We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus across Google Services, Google Cloud and Other Bets. We alsoexpect to continue to invest in land and buildings for data centers and offices, and information technology assets, which includes servers and networkequipment, to support the long-term growth of our business. In addition, acquisitions and strategic investments contribute to the breadth and depth ofour offerings, expand our expertise in engineering and other functional areas, and build strong partnerships around strategic initiatives. For example,in January 2021 we closed the acquisition of Fitbit, Inc. for $2.1 billion, which is expected to help spur innovation in wearable devices.•We face continuing changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices andfinancial results.Changes in social, political, economic, tax, and regulatory conditions or in laws and policies governing a wide range of topics and related legalmatters have resulted in fines and caused us to change our business practices. As these global trends continue, our cost of doing business mayincrease, and our ability to pursue certain business models or offer certain products or services may be limited. Examples include the antitrustcomplaints filed by the U.S. Department of Justice and a number of state Attorneys General, the Digital Markets Act in Europe, and various legislativeproposals in the U.S. focused on large technology platforms.•Our employees are critical to our success and we expect to continue investing in them.Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees aroundthe globe and to provide competitive compensation programs. For additional information see Culture and Workforce in Part I, Item 1 “Business.”Seasonality and otherOur advertising revenues are affected by seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, suchas traditional retail seasonality. Additionally, our non-advertising revenues, including those generated from Google Cloud, Google Play, hardware, andYouTube, may be affected by fluctuations driven by changes in pricing, digital content releases, fee structures, new product and service launches,other market dynamics, as well as seasonality.Revenues and Monetization MetricsGoogle ServicesGoogle Services revenues consist of revenues generated from advertising (“Google advertising”) as well as revenues from other sources(“Google other revenues”).Google AdvertisingGoogle advertising revenues are comprised of the following:•Google Search & other, which includes revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated bysearch distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operatedproperties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;•YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated on YouTube properties; and29Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google AdManager.We use certain metrics to track how well traffic across various properties is monetized as it relates to our advertising revenues: paid clicks andcost-per-click pertain to traffic on Google Search & other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impressions pertain to traffic on our Networkpartners’ properties.Paid clicks represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users on Google search properties and other Googleowned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by ourtotal number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users.Impressions include impressions displayed to users on Google Network properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense, and Google AdManager. Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions, and representsthe average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users.As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number ofpaid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity.Our advertising revenue growth, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search & other properties and the change inimpressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network properties and the correlation between these items, have been affected and may continueto be affected by various factors, including:•advertiser competition for keywords;•changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy;•changes in device mix;•changes in foreign currency exchange rates;•fees advertisers are willing to pay based on how they manage their advertising costs;•general economic conditions, including the effect of COVID-19;•seasonality; and•traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various advertising verticals and channels.Google OtherGoogle other revenues are comprised of the following:•Google Play, which includes sales of apps and in-app purchases and digital content sold in the Google Play store;•Devices and Services, which includes sales of hardware, including Fitbit wearable devices, Google Nest home products, and Pixel phones;•YouTube non-advertising, which includes YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions; and•other products and services.Google CloudGoogle Cloud revenues are comprised of the following:•Google Cloud Platform, which includes fees for infrastructure, platform, and other services;•Google Workspace, which includes fees for cloud-based collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar and Meet;and•other enterprise services.Other BetsRevenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of health technology and internet services.30Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.For further details on how we recognize revenue, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.Costs and ExpensesOur cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related to R&D, salesand marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of these expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technicalinfrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to the changes inrevenue.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues is comprised of TAC and other costs of revenues.•TAC includes:◦Amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partnersinclude browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.◦Amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties.•Other cost of revenues includes:◦Content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution onYouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee).◦Expenses associated with our data centers (including bandwidth, compensation expenses, depreciation, energy, and otherequipment costs) as well as other operations costs (such as content review as well as customer and product support costs).◦Inventory and other costs related to the hardware we sell.The cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network properties are significantly higher than thecost of revenues as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Search & other properties, because most of the advertiserrevenues from ads served on Google Network properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network partners.Operating ExpensesOperating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either R&D, sales and marketing, orgeneral and administrative.The main components of our R&D expenses are:•compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R&D related to our existing and new products and services;•depreciation; and•professional services fees primarily related to consulting and outsourcing services.The main components of our sales and marketing expenses are:•compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and•spending relating to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our products and services.The main components of our general and administrative expenses are:•compensation expenses for employees in finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative supportfunctions;•expenses related to legal matters, including fines and settlements; and•professional services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and outsourcing services.31Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Other Income (Expense), NetOther income (expense), net primarily consists of interest income (expense), the effect of foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains(losses) and impairment on our marketable and non-marketable securities, performance fees, and income (loss) and impairment from our equitymethod investments.For additional details, including how we account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations in the value of our investments, seeNote 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as Item7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk”.Provision for Income TaxesProvision for income taxes represents the estimated amount of federal, state, and foreign income taxes incurred in the U.S. and the manyjurisdictions in which we operate. The provision includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate aswell as the related net interest and penalties.For additional details, including a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to our effective tax rate, see Note 14 of the Notes toConsolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Executive OverviewThe following table summarizes consolidated financial results for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 unless otherwise specified (inmillions, except for per share information and percentages):Year Ended December 31,20202021$ Change% ChangeConsolidated revenues$182,527 $257,637 $75,110 41 %Change in consolidated constant currency revenues39 %Cost of revenues$84,732 $110,939 $26,207 31 %Operating expenses$56,571 $67,984 $11,413 20 %Operating income$41,224 $78,714 $37,490 91 %Operating margin23 %31 %8 %Other income (expense), net$6,858 $12,020 $5,162 75 %Net Income$40,269 $76,033 $35,764 89 %Diluted EPS$58.61 $112.20 $53.59 91 %Number of Employees135,301156,50021,19916 %•Revenues were $257.6 billion, an increase of 41%. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by Google Services and Google Cloud.The adverse effect of COVID-19 on 2020 advertising revenues also contributed to the year-over-year growth.•Cost of revenues was $110.9 billion, an increase of 31%, primarily driven by increases in TAC and content acquisition costs. An overallincrease in data centers and other operations costs was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in theestimated useful life of our servers and certain network equipment.•Operating expenses were $68.0 billion, an increase of 20%, primarily driven by headcount growth, increases in advertising and promotionalexpenses and charges related to legal matters.Other information:•Operating cash flow was $91.7 billion, primarily driven by revenues generated from our advertising products.•Share repurchases were $50.3 billion, an increase of 62%. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.32Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.•Capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments in technical infrastructure, were $24.6 billion.•In January 2021, we updated the useful lives of certain of our servers and network equipment, resulting in a reduction in depreciationexpense of $2.6 billion recorded primarily in cost of revenues and R&D. See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.•Our acquisition of Fitbit closed in early January 2021, and the related revenues are included in Google other. See Note 8 of the Notes toConsolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.•On February 1, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had approved and declared a 20-for-one stock split in the form ofa one-time special stock dividend on each share of the Company’s Class A, Class B, and Class C stock. See Note 11 of the Notes toConsolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.The Effect of COVID-19 on our Financial ResultsWe began to observe the effect of COVID-19 on our financial results in March 2020 when, despite an increase in users' search activity, ouradvertising revenues declined compared to the prior year. This was due to a shift of user search activity to less commercial topics and reducedspending by our advertisers. For the quarter ended June 30, 2020 our advertising revenues declined due to the continued effects of COVID-19 andthe related reductions in global economic activity, but we observed a gradual return in user search activity to more commercial topics. This wasfollowed by increased spending by our advertisers, which continued throughout the second half of 2020. Additionally, over the course of 2020, weexperienced variability in our margins as many of our expenses are less variable in nature and/or may not correlate to changes in revenues. Marketvolatility contributed to fluctuations in the valuation of our equity investments. Further, our assessment of the credit deterioration of our customers dueto changes in the macroeconomic environment during the period was reflected in our allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable.Throughout 2021 we remained focused on innovating and investing in the services we offer to consumers and businesses to support our long-term growth. The impact of COVID-19 on 2020 financial results affected year-over-year growth trends. The COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve,be unpredictable and affect our business and financial results. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trendsin our financial results may differ materially.Financial ResultsRevenuesThe following table presents revenues by type (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20202021Google Search & other$104,062 $148,951 YouTube ads19,772 28,845 Google Network23,090 31,701 Google advertising146,924 209,497 Google other21,711 28,032 Google Services total168,635 237,529 Google Cloud13,059 19,206 Other Bets657 753 Hedging gains (losses)176 149 Total revenues$182,527 $257,637 Google ServicesGoogle advertising revenuesGoogle Search & otherGoogle Search & other revenues increased $44.9 billion from 2020 to 2021. The overall growth was driven by interrelated factors includingincreases in search queries resulting from growth in user adoption and usage, primarily33Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.on mobile devices, growth in advertiser spending, and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. The adverse effect of COVID-19 on2020 revenues also contributed to the year-over-year increase.YouTube adsYouTube ads revenues increased $9.1 billion from 2020 to 2021. Growth was driven by our direct response and brand advertising products.Growth for our direct response advertising products was primarily driven by increased advertiser spending as well as improvements to ad formats anddelivery. Growth for our brand advertising products was primarily driven by increased spending by our advertisers and the adverse effect of COVID-19on 2020 revenues.Google NetworkGoogle Network revenues increased $8.6 billion from 2020 to 2021. The growth was primarily driven by strength in AdMob, Google Ad Manager,and AdSense. The adverse effect of COVID-19 on 2020 revenues also contributed to the year-over-year increase.Monetization MetricsPaid clicks and cost-per-clickThe following table presents changes in paid clicks and cost-per-click (expressed as a percentage) from 2020 to 2021: Year Ended December 31, 2021Paid clicks change23 %Cost-per-click change15 %Paid clicks increased from 2020 to 2021 driven by a number of interrelated factors, including an increase in search queries resulting from growthin user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices; an increase in clicks relating to ads on Google Play; growth in advertiser spending; andimprovements we have made in ad formats and delivery. The adverse effect of COVID-19 on 2020 paid clicks also contributed to the increase.The increase in cost-per-click from 2020 to 2021 was driven by a number of interrelated factors including changes in device mix, geographicmix, growth in advertiser spending, ongoing product changes, and property mix, as well as the adverse effect of COVID-19 in 2020.Impressions and cost-per-impressionThe following table presents changes in impressions and cost-per-impression (expressed as a percentage) from 2020 to 2021: Year Ended December 31, 2021Impressions change2 %Cost-per-impression change35 %Impressions increased from 2020 to 2021 primarily driven by growth in AdMob, partially offset by a decline in impressions related to AdSense.The increase in cost-per-impression was primarily driven by the adverse effect of COVID-19 in 2020 as well as the effect of interrelated factorsincluding ongoing product and policy changes and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery, changes in device mix, geographic mix,product mix, and property mix.Google other revenuesGoogle other revenues increased $6.3 billion from 2020 to 2021. The growth was primarily driven by YouTube non-advertising and hardware,followed by Google Play. Growth for YouTube non-advertising was primarily due to an increase in paid subscribers. Growth in hardware reflects theinclusion of Fitbit revenues, as the acquisition closed in January 2021, and an increase in phone sales. Growth for Google Play was primarily drivenby sales of apps and in-app purchases.34Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Google CloudGoogle Cloud revenues increased $6.1 billion from 2020 to 2021. The growth was primarily driven by GCP followed by Google Workspaceofferings. Google Cloud's infrastructure and platform services were the largest drivers of growth in GCP.Revenues by GeographyThe following table presents revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers: Year Ended December 31, 20202021United States47 %46 %EMEA30 %31 %APAC18 %18 %Other Americas5 %5 %For further details on revenues by geography, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K.Use of Constant Currency Revenues and Constant Currency Revenue Percentage ChangeThe effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons. We use non-GAAPconstant currency revenues and non-GAAP percentage change in constant currency revenues for financial and operational decision-making and as ameans to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to U.S. GenerallyAccepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) results helps improve the ability to understand our performance because it excludes the effects of foreigncurrency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We defineconstant currency revenues as total revenues excluding the effect of foreign exchange rate movements and hedging activities, and use it todetermine the constant currency revenue percentage change on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translatingcurrent period revenues using prior year comparable period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period.Constant currency revenue percentage change is calculated by determining the change in current period revenues over prior year comparableperiod revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior year comparable period exchange rates and hedgingeffects are excluded from revenues of both periods.These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constantcurrency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure ofperformance presented in accordance with GAAP.35Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents the foreign exchange effect on international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31,20202021% Change from Prior YearEMEA revenues$55,370 $79,107 43 %EMEA constant currency revenues76,321 38 %APAC revenues32,550 46,123 42 %APAC constant currency revenues45,666 40 %Other Americas revenues9,417 14,404 53 %Other Americas constant currency revenues14,317 52 %United States revenues85,014 117,854 39 %Hedging gains (losses)176 149 Total revenues$182,527 $257,637 41 %Revenues, excluding hedging effect$182,351 $257,488 Exchange rate effect(3,330)Total constant currency revenues$254,158 39 %EMEA revenue growth from 2020 to 2021 was favorably affected by foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar weakeningrelative to the Euro and British pound.APAC revenue growth from 2020 to 2021 was favorably affected by foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar weakeningrelative to the Australian dollar, partially offset by the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen.Other Americas growth change from 2020 to 2021 was favorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to theU.S. dollar weakening relative to the Canadian dollar, partially offset by the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso and the Brazilianreal.Costs and ExpensesCost of RevenuesThe following tables present cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20202021TAC$32,778 $45,566 Other cost of revenues51,954 65,373 Total cost of revenues$84,732 $110,939 Total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues46.4 %43.1 %Cost of revenues increased $26.2 billion from 2020 to 2021. The increase was due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of $13.4billion and $12.8 billion, respectively.The increase in TAC from 2020 to 2021 was due to an increase in TAC paid to distribution partners and to Google Network partners, primarilydriven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 22.3% to 21.8% from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to a revenue mix shiftfrom Google Network properties to Google Search & other properties. The TAC rate on Google Search & other properties revenues and the TAC rateon Google Network revenues were both substantially consistent from 2020 to 2021.The increase in other cost of revenues from 2020 to 2021 was driven by increases in content acquisition costs primarily for YouTube, data centerand other operations costs, and hardware costs. The increase in data center and36Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.other operations costs was partially offset by a reduction in depreciation expense due to the change in the estimated useful life of our servers andcertain network equipment beginning in the first quarter of 2021.Research and DevelopmentThe following table presents R&D expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20202021Research and development expenses$27,573 $31,562 Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues15.1 %12.3 %R&D expenses increased $4.0 billion from 2020 to 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses of $3.5billion, largely resulting from an 11% increase in headcount, and an increase in professional service fees of $516 million. This increase was partiallyoffset by a reduction in depreciation expense of $450 million including the effect of our change in the estimated useful life of our servers and certainnetwork equipment.Sales and MarketingThe following table presents sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20202021Sales and marketing expenses$17,946 $22,912 Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues9.8 %8.9 %Sales and marketing expenses increased $5.0 billion from 2020 to 2021, primarily driven by an increase in advertising and promotional activitiesof $2.5 billion and an increase in compensation expenses of $2.2 billion. The increase in advertising and promotional activities was driven by bothincreased spending in the current period and a reduction in spending in 2020 due to COVID-19. The increase in compensation expenses was largelydue to a 14% increase in headcount.General and AdministrativeThe following table presents general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages): Year Ended December 31, 20202021General and administrative expenses$11,052 $13,510 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues6.1 %5.2 %General and administrative expenses increased $2.5 billion from 2020 to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by a $1.7 billion increase incharges relating to legal matters and a $664 million increase in compensation expenses, largely resulting from a 14% increase in headcount. Theseincreases were partially offset by a reduction in expense of $808 million related to a decline in allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, as2020 reflected a higher allowance related to the economic effect of COVID-19.37Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Segment ProfitabilityThe following table presents segment operating income (loss) (in millions).Year Ended December 31,20202021Operating income (loss):Google Services$54,606 $91,855 Google Cloud(5,607)(3,099)Other Bets(4,476)(5,281)Corporate costs, unallocated(3,299)(4,761)Total income from operations$41,224 $78,714 Unallocated corporate costs primarily include corporate initiatives, corporate shared costs, such as finance and legal, including certain fines and settlements, aswell as costs associated with certain shared R&D activities. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue are included in corporate costs.Google ServicesGoogle services operating income increased $37.2 billion from 2020 to 2021. The increase was due to growth in revenues partially offset byincreases in TAC, content acquisition costs, compensation expenses, advertising and promotional expenses, and charges related to certain legalmatters. The increase in expenses was partially offset by a reduction in costs driven by the change in the estimated useful life of our servers andcertain network equipment. The effect of COVID-19 on 2020 results affected the year-over-year increase in operating income.Google CloudGoogle Cloud operating loss decreased $2.5 billion from 2020 to 2021. The decrease in operating loss was primarily driven by growth inrevenues, partially offset by an increase in expenses, primarily driven by compensation expenses. The increase in expenses was partially offset by areduction in costs driven by the change in the estimated useful life of our servers and certain network equipment.Other BetsOther Bets operating loss increased $805 million from 2020 to 2021. The increase in operating loss was primarily driven by increases incompensation expenses, including an increase in valuation-based compensation charges during the second quarter of 2021.Other Income (Expense), NetThe following table presents other income (expense), net, (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20202021Other income (expense), net$6,858 $12,020 Other income (expense), net, increased $5.2 billion from 2020 to 2021. The increase was primarily driven by increases in net unrealized gainsrecognized for our marketable and non-marketable equity securities of $6.9 billion, partially offset by an increase in accrued performance fees relatedto certain investments of $1.3 billion.See Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.Provision for Income TaxesThe following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except for effective tax rate): Year Ended December 31, 20202021Provision for income taxes$7,813 $14,701 Effective tax rate16.2 %16.2 %The provision for income taxes increased from 2020 to 2021, primarily due to an increase in pre-tax earnings, including in countries that havehigher statutory rates, partially offset by an increase in the stock-based compensation related tax benefit, and the U.S. federal Foreign-DerivedIntangible Income tax deduction benefit. Our effective tax rate(1)(1)38Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.was substantially consistent from 2020 to 2021. See Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this AnnualReport on Form 10-K for further information.Financial ConditionCash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable SecuritiesAs of December 31, 2021, we had $139.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents andmarketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities.Sources, Uses of Cash and Related TrendsOur principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate fromoperations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capitalstructure, including the size, pace and form of capital return to stockholders.The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): Year Ended December 31, 20202021Net cash provided by operating activities$65,124 $91,652 Net cash used in investing activities$(32,773)$(35,523)Net cash used in financing activities$(24,408)$(61,362)Cash Provided by Operating ActivitiesOur largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, Google Networkproperties, and YouTube ads. Additionally, we generate cash through sales of apps and in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware;and licensing and service fees including fees received for Google Cloud offerings and subscription-based products.Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, for compensation and relatedcosts, and for content acquisition costs. In addition, uses of cash from operating activities include hardware inventory costs, income taxes, and othergeneral corporate expenditures.Net cash provided by operating activities increased from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to the net effect of an increase in cash received fromrevenues and cash paid for cost of revenues and operating expenses, and changes in operating assets and liabilities.Cash Used in Investing ActivitiesCash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of our investments in marketable and non-marketable securities.Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment,and payments for acquisitions.Net cash used in investing activities increased from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to a decrease in maturities and sales of marketable securities, anincrease in purchases of property and equipment, offset by a decrease in purchases of non-marketable securities.Cash Used in Financing ActivitiesCash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interest in consolidatedentities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of common and capital stock, net payments related to stock-based awardactivities, and repayments of debt.Net cash used in financing activities increased from 2020 to 2021 primarily due to repayment of debt and an increase in cash payments forrepurchases of common and capital stock.Liquidity and Material Cash RequirementsWe expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue tobe sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months and thereafterfor the foreseeable future.39Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Capital Expenditures and LeasesWe make investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology assets through purchases of property andequipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products.Capital ExpendituresOur capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories:•technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage and networkingrequirements for ongoing business activities, including machine learning (collectively referred to as our information technology assets) anddata center land and building construction; and•office facilities, ground up development projects and related building improvements.Construction in progress consists primarily of technical infrastructure and office facilities which have not yet been placed in service for ourintended use. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our datacenter construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire qualified land and buildings, construct buildings,and secure and install information technology assets.During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, we spent $22.3 billion and $24.6 billion on capital expenditures, respectively.Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when the deployment of such assets are completed and are ready for our intended use.Land is not depreciated. For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, our depreciation and impairment expenses on property and equipmentwere $12.9 billion and $11.6 billion, respectively.LeasesFor the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, we recognized total operating lease assets of $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion, respectively. As ofDecember 31, 2021, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 8years, was $15.5 billion, of which $2.5 billion is short-term. As of December 31, 2021, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced withfuture short-term and long-term lease payments of $606 million and $5.2 billion, excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on ourConsolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2022 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.For the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs) were $2.9 billion and $3.4billion, respectively. Finance lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021. See Note 4 of the Notes toConsolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on leases.FinancingWe have a short-term debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper, which increased from $5.0 billionin September 2021. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2021, we had no commercialpaper outstanding.As of December 31, 2021, we had $10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities with no amounts outstanding. In April 2021, we terminated theexisting revolving credit facilities, which were scheduled to expire in July 2023, and entered into two new revolving credit facilities in the amounts of$4.0 billion and $6.0 billion, which will expire in April 2022 and April 2026, respectively. The interest rates for the new credit facilities are determinedbased on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. No amounts have beenborrowed under the new credit facilities.As of December 31, 2021, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding with a total carrying value of $12.8 billion with short-term and long-termfuture interest payments of $231 million and $4.0 billion, respectively. See Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on our debt.Share Repurchase ProgramIn April 2021, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $50.0 billion of its Class C stock. In July 2021, theAlphabet board approved an amendment to the April 2021 authorization, permitting the company to repurchase both Class A and Class C shares in amanner deemed in the best interest of the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions,including the relative trading40Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.prices and volumes of the Class A and Class C shares. In accordance with the authorizations of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, during 2021 werepurchased and subsequently retired 20.3 million aggregate shares for $50.3 billion. Of the aggregate amount repurchased and subsequentlyretired, 1.2 million shares were Class A stock repurchased for $3.4 billion. As of December 31, 2021, $17.4 billion remains available for Class A andClass C share repurchases under the amended authorization. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general businessand market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including throughRule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. See Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statementsincluded in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.European Commission FinesIn 2017, 2018 and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and imposedfines of €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019),respectively. While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our ConsolidatedBalance Sheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.TaxesAs of December 31, 2021, we had short-term and long-term income taxes payable of $784 million and $5.7 billion related to a one-time transitiontax payable incurred as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the transition tax in annualinterest-free installments through 2025. We also have taxes payable of $3.5 billion primarily related to uncertain tax positions as of December 31,2021.Purchase CommitmentsWe regularly enter into significant non-cancelable contractual obligations primarily related to data center operations and build-outs, informationtechnology assets, office buildings, purchases of inventory, and network capacity arrangements. As of December 31, 2021, such purchasecommitments, which do not qualify for recognition on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, amount to $13.7 billion, of which $11.9 billion is short-term.These amounts represent the non-cancelable portion of agreements or the minimum cancellation fee. For those agreements with variable terms, wedo not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of December 31, 2021.Critical Accounting EstimatesWe prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. In doing so, we have to make estimates and assumptions. Ourcritical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of uncertainty at the time the estimate was made, and changes inthem have had or are reasonably likely to have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Accordingly, actual results coulddiffer materially from our estimates. We base our estimates on past experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under thecircumstances, and we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. We have reviewed our critical accounting estimates with the audit andcompliance committee of our Board of Directors.See Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a summary ofsignificant accounting policies and the effect on our financial statements.Fair Value Measurements of Non-Marketable Equity SecuritiesWe measure certain financial instruments at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, consisting primarily of our non-marketable equity securities.These investments are accounted for under the measurement alternative and are measured at cost, less impairment, subject to upward anddownward adjustments resulting from observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. These adjustments requirequantitative assessments of the fair value of our securities, which may require the use of unobservable inputs. Pricing adjustments are determined byusing various valuation methodologies and involve the use of estimates using the best information available, which may include cash flow projectionsor other available market data.Non-marketable equity securities are also evaluated for impairment, based on qualitative factors including the companies' financial and liquidityposition and access to capital resources, among others. When indicators of impairment exist, we prepare quantitative measurements of the fair valueof our equity investments using a market approach or an income approach, which requires judgment and the use of unobservable inputs, includingdiscount rates, investee revenues and costs, and comparable market data of private and public companies, among others. When our assessmentindicates that an impairment exists, we write down the investment to its fair value.41Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.We also have compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized returns from certain investments, i.e. performance fees. Werecognize compensation expense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized,and may require the use of unobservable inputs.Property and EquipmentWe assess the reasonableness of the useful lives of our property and equipment periodically as well as when other changes occur, such aswhen there are changes to ongoing business operations, changes in the planned use and utilization of assets, or technological advancements, thatcould indicate a change in the period over which we expect to benefit from the assets.Income TaxesWe are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positionsand determining our provision for income taxes.Recording an uncertain tax position involves various qualitative considerations, including evaluation of comparable and resolved tax exposures,applicability of tax laws, and likelihood of settlement. We evaluate uncertain tax positions periodically, considering changes in facts andcircumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. Although we believewe have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not bedifferent. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision forincome taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.The provision for income taxes includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as therelated net interest and penalties. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal RevenueServices (IRS) and other tax authorities which may assert assessments against us. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resultingfrom these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.Loss ContingenciesWe are regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition, intellectualproperty, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and servicesoffered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury consumer protection, and other matters. Certain of these matters includespeculative claims for substantial or indeterminate amounts of damages. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has beenincurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can beestimated, we disclose the possible loss in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report onForm 10-K.We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, andthe matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate. Significantjudgment is required to determine both the likelihood and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. Until the final resolution of suchmatters, there may be an exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded, and such amounts could be material.Change in Accounting EstimateIn January 2021, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and certain network equipment. In doing so, we determined weshould adjust the estimated useful life. This change in accounting estimate was effective beginning fiscal year 2021 and is detailed further in Note 1 ofthe Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.ITEM 7A.QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKWe are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and equity investment risks.Foreign Currency Exchange RiskWe transact business globally in multiple currencies. International revenues, as well as costs and expenses denominated in foreign currencies,expose us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar. Principal currencies hedged included the Australiandollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, Euro, and Japanese yen. For the purpose of analyzing foreign currency exchange risk, we considered thehistorical trends in42Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.foreign currency exchange rates and determined that it was reasonably possible that adverse changes in exchange rates of 10% could beexperienced in the near term.We use foreign exchange forward contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than thefunctional currency of the subsidiary. These forward contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange ratemovements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses on these assets and liabilities are recorded in other income(expense), net, which are offset by the gains and losses on the forward contracts.If an adverse 10% foreign currency exchange rate change was applied to total monetary assets, liabilities, and commitments denominated incurrencies other than the functional currencies at the balance sheet date, it would have resulted in an adverse effect on income before income taxesof approximately $497 million and $285 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively, after consideration of the effect of foreign exchangecontracts in place for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021.We use foreign currency forwards and option contracts, including collars (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased andwritten options) to protect forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. When the U.S. dollarstrengthens, gains from foreign currency options and forwards reduce the foreign currency losses related to our earnings. When the U.S. dollarweakens, losses from foreign currency collars and forwards offset the foreign currency gains related to our earnings. These hedging contracts reduce,but do not entirely eliminate, the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements. We designate these contracts as cash flow hedges foraccounting purposes. We reflect the gains or losses of foreign currency spot rate changes as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassify theminto revenues to offset the hedged exposures as they occur.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10% as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the amount recorded in AOCI related to our foreign exchange contractsbefore tax effect would have been approximately $912 million and $1.3 billion lower as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The change inthe value recorded in AOCI would be expected to offset a corresponding foreign currency change in forecasted hedged revenues when recognized.We use foreign exchange forward contracts designated as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to investment inforeign subsidiaries. These forward contracts serve to offset the foreign currency translation risk from our foreign operations.If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, the amount recorded in cumulative translation adjustment (CTA) within AOCI related to our net investmenthedge would have been approximately $1.0 billion lower as of both December 31, 2020 and 2021. The change in value recorded in CTA would beexpected to offset a corresponding foreign currency translation gain or loss from our investment in foreign subsidiaries.Interest Rate RiskOur Corporate Treasury investment strategy is to achieve a return that will allow us to preserve capital and maintain liquidity. We invest primarilyin debt securities, including those of the U.S. government and its agencies, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed securities, money market andother funds, municipal securities, time deposits, asset backed securities, and debt instruments issued by foreign governments. By policy, we limit theamount of credit exposure to any one issuer. Our investments in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities carry a degree of interestrate risk. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities mayproduce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. Unrealized gains or losses on our marketable debt securities are primarily due to interest ratefluctuations as compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. For certain fixed and variable rate debt securities, we have elected the fair valueoption for which changes in fair value are recorded in other income (expense), net. We measure securities for which we have not elected the fairvalue option at fair value with gains and losses recorded in AOCI until the securities are sold, less any expected credit losses.We use value-at-risk (VaR) analysis to determine the potential effect of fluctuations in interest rates on the value of our marketable debt securityportfolio. The VaR is the expected loss in fair value, for a given confidence interval, for our investment portfolio due to adverse movements in interestrates. We use a variance/covariance VaR model with 95% confidence interval. The estimated one-day loss in fair value of marketable debt securitiesas of December 31, 2020 and 2021 are shown below (in millions): As of December 31,12-Month AverageAs of December 31, 2020202120202021Risk Category - Interest Rate$144 $139 $145 $148 43Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Actual future gains and losses associated with our marketable debt security portfolio may differ materially from the sensitivity analysesperformed as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 due to the inherent limitations associated with predicting the timing and amount of changes in interestrates and our actual exposures and positions. VaR analysis is not intended to represent actual losses but is used as a risk estimation.Equity Investment RiskOur marketable and non-marketable equity securities are subject to a wide variety of market-related risks that could substantially reduce orincrease the fair value of our holdings.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds and our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately heldcompanies, some of which are in the startup or development stages.We record marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method at fair value based on readily determinable market values, ofwhich publicly traded stocks and mutual funds are subject to market price volatility, and represent $5.9 billion and $7.8 billion of our investments as ofDecember 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. A hypothetical adverse price change of 10% on our December 31, 2021 balance, which could beexperienced in the near term, would decrease the fair value of marketable equity securities by $780 million. From time to time, we may enter intoderivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of our marketable equity securities.Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are adjusted to fair value for observable transactions foridentical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). The fair value measured at the time ofthe observable transaction is not necessarily an indication of the current fair value as of the balance sheet date. These investments, especially thosethat are in the early stages, are inherently risky because the technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in theearly phases and may never materialize, and they may experience a decline in financial condition, which could result in a loss of a substantial part ofour investment in these companies. The success of our investment in any private company is also typically dependent on the likelihood of our abilityto realize appreciation in the value of investments through liquidity events such as public offerings, acquisitions, private sales or other market events.As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities, which were accounted for under the measurementalternative, was $18.9 billion and $27.6 billion, respectively. Valuations of our equity investments in private companies are inherently more complexdue to the lack of readily available market data. Volatility in the global economic climate and financial markets could result in a significant impairmentcharge relating to our non-marketable equity securities. Changes in valuation of non-marketable equity securities may not directly correlate withchanges in valuation of marketable equity securities. Additionally, observable transactions at lower valuations could result in significant losses on ournon-marketable equity securities. The effect of COVID-19 on our impairment assessment requires significant judgment due to the uncertainty aroundthe duration and severity of the effect.The carrying values of our equity method investments, which totaled approximately $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion as of December 31, 2020 and2021, respectively, generally do not fluctuate based on market price changes. However, these investments could be impaired if the carrying valueexceeds the fair value and is not expected to recover.For further information about our equity investments, see Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.44Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 8.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATAAlphabet Inc.INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PageReports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42)46Financial Statements:Consolidated Balance Sheets49Consolidated Statements of Income50Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income51Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity52Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows53Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements5445Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on the Financial StatementsWe have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alphabet Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the relatedconsolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period endedDecember 31, 2021, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidatedfinancial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of theCompany at December 31, 2020 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period endedDecember 31, 2021, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), theCompany's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Frameworkissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 1, 2022expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThese financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’sfinancial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent withrespect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities andExchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits includedperforming procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performingprocedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in thefinancial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well asevaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.Critical Audit MatterThe critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated orrequired to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way ouropinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing aseparate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.46Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Loss ContingenciesDescription of theMatterThe Company is regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings involvingcompetition, intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, contentgenerated by its users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using their platforms, personal injury,consumer protection, and other matters. As described in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements “Contingencies”such claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, and other proceedings could result in adverse consequences.Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood, and the estimated amount, of a loss related to such matters.Auditing management’s accounting for and disclosure of loss contingencies from these matters involved challenging andsubjective auditor judgment in assessing the Company’s evaluation of the probability of a loss, and the estimated amount orrange of loss.How We Addressedthe Matter in Our AuditWe tested relevant controls over the identified risks associated with management’s accounting for and disclosure of thesematters. This included controls over management’s assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss and whether the lossor range of loss was reasonably estimable and the development of related disclosures.Our audit procedures included gaining an understanding of previous rulings issued by regulators and the status of ongoinglawsuits, reviewing letters addressing the matters from internal and external legal counsel, meeting with internal legal counselto discuss the allegations, and obtaining a representation letter from management on these matters. We also evaluated theCompany’s disclosures in relation to these matters./s/ Ernst & Young LLPWe have served as the Company's auditor since 1999.San Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 1, 202247Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMTo the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alphabet Inc.Opinion on Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe have audited Alphabet Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). Inour opinion, Alphabet Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,2021, based on the COSO criteria.We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2021consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated February 1, 2022 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.Basis for OpinionThe Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of theeffectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over FinancialReporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a publicaccounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federalsecurities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtainreasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testingand evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as weconsidered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial ReportingA company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financialreporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’sinternal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonabledetail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactionsare recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and thatreceipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assetsthat could have a material effect on the financial statements.Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of anyevaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that thedegree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate./s/ Ernst & Young LLPSan Jose, CaliforniaFebruary 1, 202248Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands, and par value per share amounts)As of December 31,20202021AssetsCurrent assets:Cash and cash equivalents$26,465 $20,945 Marketable securities110,229 118,704 Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities136,694 139,649 Accounts receivable, net30,930 39,304 Income taxes receivable, net454 966 Inventory728 1,170 Other current assets5,490 7,054 Total current assets174,296 188,143 Non-marketable securities20,703 29,549 Deferred income taxes1,084 1,284 Property and equipment, net84,749 97,599 Operating lease assets12,211 12,959 Intangible assets, net1,445 1,417 Goodwill21,175 22,956 Other non-current assets3,953 5,361 Total assets$319,616 $359,268 Liabilities and Stockholders’ EquityCurrent liabilities:Accounts payable$5,589 $6,037 Accrued compensation and benefits11,086 13,889 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities28,631 31,236 Accrued revenue share7,500 8,996 Deferred revenue2,543 3,288 Income taxes payable, net1,485 808 Total current liabilities56,834 64,254 Long-term debt13,932 14,817 Deferred revenue, non-current481 535 Income taxes payable, non-current8,849 9,176 Deferred income taxes3,561 5,257 Operating lease liabilities11,146 11,389 Other long-term liabilities2,269 2,205 Total liabilities97,072 107,633 Contingencies (Note 10)Stockholders’ equity:Preferred stock, $0.001 par value per share, 100,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding0 0 Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock and additional paid-in capital, $0.001 parvalue per share: 15,000,000 shares authorized (Class A 9,000,000, Class B 3,000,000, Class C 3,000,000);675,222 (Class A 300,730, Class B 45,843, Class C 328,649) and 662,121 (Class A 300,737, Class B44,665, Class C 316,719) shares issued and outstanding58,510 61,774 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)633 (1,623)Retained earnings163,401 191,484 Total stockholders’ equity222,544 251,635 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity$319,616 $359,268 See accompanying notes.49Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME(In millions, except per share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Revenues$161,857 $182,527 $257,637 Costs and expenses:Cost of revenues71,896 84,732 110,939 Research and development26,018 27,573 31,562 Sales and marketing18,464 17,946 22,912 General and administrative9,551 11,052 13,510 European Commission fines1,697 0 0 Total costs and expenses127,626 141,303 178,923 Income from operations34,231 41,224 78,714 Other income (expense), net5,394 6,858 12,020 Income before income taxes39,625 48,082 90,734 Provision for income taxes5,282 7,813 14,701 Net income$34,343 $40,269 $76,033 Basic net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$49.59 $59.15 $113.88 Diluted net income per share of Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock$49.16 $58.61 $112.20 See accompanying notes.50Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Net income$34,343 $40,269 $76,033 Other comprehensive income (loss):Change in foreign currency translation adjustment(119)1,139 (1,442)Available-for-sale investments:Change in net unrealized gains (losses)1,611 1,313 (1,312)Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income(111)(513)(64)Net change, net of income tax benefit (expense) of $(221), $(230), and $3941,500 800 (1,376)Cash flow hedges:Change in net unrealized gains (losses)22 42 716 Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income(299)(116)(154)Net change, net of income tax benefit (expense) of $42, $11, and $(122)(277)(74)562 Other comprehensive income (loss)1,104 1,865 (2,256)Comprehensive income$35,447 $42,134 $73,777 See accompanying notes.51Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY(In millions, except share amounts which are reflected in thousands) Class A and Class BCommon Stock, Class C Capital StockandAdditional Paid-In CapitalAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncome (Loss)RetainedEarningsTotalStockholders’Equity SharesAmountBalance as of December 31, 2018695,556 $45,049 $(2,306)$134,885 $177,628 Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30)(4)(34)Common and capital stock issued8,120 202 0 0 202 Stock-based compensation expense0 10,890 0 0 10,890 Income tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units and other0 (4,455)0 0 (4,455)Repurchases of capital stock(15,341)(1,294)0 (17,102)(18,396)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 160 0 0 160 Net income0 0 0 34,343 34,343 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,104 0 1,104 Balance as of December 31, 2019688,335 50,552 (1,232)152,122 201,442 Common and capital stock issued8,398 168 0 0 168 Stock-based compensation expense0 13,123 0 0 13,123 Income tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units and other0 (5,969)0 0 (5,969)Repurchases of capital stock(21,511)(2,159)0 (28,990)(31,149)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 2,795 0 0 2,795 Net income0 0 0 40,269 40,269 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 1,865 0 1,865 Balance as of December 31, 2020675,222 58,510 633 163,401 222,544 Common and capital stock issued7,225 12 0 0 12 Stock-based compensation expense0 15,539 0 0 15,539 Income tax withholding related to vesting ofrestricted stock units and other0 (10,273)0 0 (10,273)Repurchases of common and capital stock(20,326)(2,324)0 (47,950)(50,274)Sale of interest in consolidated entities0 310 0 0 310 Net income0 0 0 76,033 76,033 Other comprehensive income (loss)0 0 (2,256)0 (2,256)Balance as of December 31, 2021662,121 $61,774 $(1,623)$191,484 $251,635 See accompanying notes.52Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS(In millions) Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Operating activitiesNet income$34,343 $40,269 $76,033 Adjustments:Depreciation and impairment of property and equipment10,856 12,905 11,555 Amortization and impairment of intangible assets925 792 886 Stock-based compensation expense10,794 12,991 15,376 Deferred income taxes173 1,390 1,808 Gain on debt and equity securities, net(2,798)(6,317)(12,270)Other(592)1,267 (213)Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions:Accounts receivable(4,340)(6,524)(9,095)Income taxes, net(3,128)1,209 (625)Other assets(621)(1,330)(1,846)Accounts payable428 694 283 Accrued expenses and other liabilities7,170 5,504 7,304 Accrued revenue share1,273 1,639 1,682 Deferred revenue37 635 774 Net cash provided by operating activities54,520 65,124 91,652 Investing activitiesPurchases of property and equipment(23,548)(22,281)(24,640)Purchases of marketable securities(100,315)(136,576)(135,196)Maturities and sales of marketable securities97,825 132,906 128,294 Purchases of non-marketable securities(1,932)(7,175)(2,838)Maturities and sales of non-marketable securities405 1,023 934 Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible assets(2,515)(738)(2,618)Other investing activities589 68 541 Net cash used in investing activities(29,491)(32,773)(35,523)Financing activitiesNet payments related to stock-based award activities(4,765)(5,720)(10,162)Repurchases of common and capital stock(18,396)(31,149)(50,274)Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs317 11,761 20,199 Repayments of debt(585)(2,100)(21,435)Proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities, net220 2,800 310 Net cash used in financing activities(23,209)(24,408)(61,362)Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents(23)24 (287)Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents1,797 7,967 (5,520)Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period16,701 18,498 26,465 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period$18,498 $26,465 $20,945 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow informationCash paid for income taxes, net of refunds$8,203 $4,990 $13,412 See accompanying notes.53Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Alphabet Inc.NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTSNote 1. Summary of Significant Accounting PoliciesGoogle was incorporated in California in September 1998 and re-incorporated in the State of Delaware in August 2003. In 2015, weimplemented a holding company reorganization, and as a result, Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet") became the successor issuer to Google.Basis of ConsolidationThe consolidated financial statements of Alphabet include the accounts of Alphabet and entities consolidated under the variable interest andvoting models. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.Use of EstimatesPreparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect theamounts reported and disclosed in the financial statements and the accompanying notes. Actual results could differ materially from these estimatesdue to uncertainties, including the effects of COVID-19. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to the allowance forcredit losses; fair values of financial instruments, intangible assets, and goodwill; useful lives of intangible assets and property and equipment;income taxes; and contingent liabilities, among others. We base our estimates on assumptions, both historical and forward looking, that are believedto be reasonable, and the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities.In January 2021, we completed an assessment of the useful lives of our servers and network equipment and adjusted the estimated useful lifeof our servers from three years to four years and the estimated useful life of certain network equipment from three years to five years. This change inaccounting estimate was effective beginning in fiscal year 2021. Based on the carrying value of servers and certain network equipment as ofDecember 31, 2020 and those acquired during the year ended December 31, 2021, the effect of this change in estimate was a reduction indepreciation expense of $2.6 billion and an increase in net income of $2.0 billion, or $3.02 per basic share and $2.98 per diluted share, for the yearended December 31, 2021.Revenue RecognitionRevenues are recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, and the collectibility of an amountthat we expect in exchange for those goods or services is probable. Sales and other similar taxes are excluded from revenues.Advertising RevenuesWe generate advertising revenues primarily by delivering advertising on:•Google Search and other properties, including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as theirdefault search in browsers, toolbars, etc. and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play;•YouTube properties; and•Google Network properties, including revenues from Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager.Our customers generally purchase advertising inventory through Google Ads, Google Ad Manager, and Google Marketing Platform, amongothers.We offer advertising by delivering both performance and brand advertising. We recognize revenues for performance advertising when a userengages with the advertisement, such as a click, a view, or a purchase. For brand advertising, we recognize revenues when the ad is displayed, or auser views the ad.For ads placed on Google Network properties, we evaluate whether we are the principal (i.e., report revenues on a gross basis) or agent (i.e.,report revenues on a net basis). Generally, we report advertising revenues for ads placed on Google Network properties on a gross basis, that is, theamounts billed to our customers are recorded as revenues, and amounts paid to Google Network partners are recorded as cost of revenues. Wherewe are the principal, we control the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers. Our control is evidenced by our sole ability tomonetize the advertising inventory before it is transferred to our customers and is further supported by us being primarily responsible to ourcustomers and having a level of discretion in establishing pricing.54Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Google Cloud RevenuesGoogle Cloud revenues consist of revenues from:•Google Cloud Platform, which includes fees for infrastructure, platform, and other services;•Google Workspace, which includes fees for cloud-based collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, and Meet;and•other enterprise services.Our cloud services are generally provided on either a consumption or subscription basis and may have contract terms longer than a year.Revenues related to cloud services provided on a consumption basis are recognized when the customer utilizes the services, based on the quantityof services consumed. Revenues related to cloud services provided on a subscription basis are recognized ratably over the contract term as thecustomer receives and consumes the benefits of the cloud services.Google Other RevenuesGoogle other revenues consist of revenues from:•Google Play, which includes sales of apps and in-app purchases and digital content sold in the Google Play store;•hardware, which includes sales of Fitbit wearable devices, Google Nest home products, and Pixel phones;•YouTube non-advertising, which includes YouTube Premium and YouTube TV subscriptions; and•other products and services.As it relates to Google other revenues, the most significant judgment is determining whether we are the principal or agent for app sales and in-app purchases through the Google Play store. We report revenues from these transactions on a net basis because our performance obligation is tofacilitate a transaction between app developers and end users, for which we earn a service fee.Arrangements with Multiple Performance ObligationsOur contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements, we allocate revenues to each performanceobligation based on its relative standalone selling price. We generally determine standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customersor using expected cost plus margin.Customer Incentives and CreditsCertain customers receive cash-based incentives or credits, which are accounted for as variable consideration. We estimate these amountsbased on the expected amount to be provided to customers and reduce revenues. We believe that there will not be significant changes to ourestimates of variable consideration.Sales CommissionsWe expense sales commissions when incurred and when the amortization period (the period of the expected benefit) is one year or less. Werecognize an asset for certain sales commissions if we expect the period of benefit of these costs to exceed one year and recognize the expenseover the amortization period. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expenses.Cost of RevenuesCost of revenues consists of TAC and other costs of revenues.•TAC includes:◦Amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partnersinclude browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers.◦Amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties.•Other cost of revenues includes:◦Content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution onYouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee).55Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.◦Expenses associated with our data centers (including bandwidth, compensation expenses, depreciation, energy, and otherequipment costs) as well as other operations costs (such as content review as well as customer and product support costs).◦Inventory and other costs related to the hardware we sell.Software Development CostsWe expense software development costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold,leased, or marketed to external users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before therelease of such products. As a result, development costs that meet the criteria for capitalization were not material for the periods presented.Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud based applications usedto deliver our services. We capitalize development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project stage is complete and it isprobable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. Costs capitalized for developing suchsoftware applications were not material for the periods presented.Stock-based CompensationStock-based compensation primarily consists of Alphabet restricted stock units (RSUs). RSUs are equity classified and measured at the fairmarket value of the underlying stock at the grant date. We recognize RSU expense using the straight-line attribution method over the requisite serviceperiod and account for forfeitures as they occur.For RSUs, shares are issued on the vesting dates net of the applicable statutory income tax withholding to be paid by us on behalf of ouremployees. As a result, fewer shares are issued than the number of RSUs outstanding, and the income tax withholding is recorded as a reduction toadditional paid-in capital.Additionally, stock-based compensation also includes other stock-based awards, such as performance stock units (PSUs) that include marketconditions and awards that may be settled in cash or the stock of certain Other Bets. PSUs and certain Other Bet awards are equity classified andexpense is recognized over the requisite service period. Certain Other Bet awards are liability classified and remeasured at fair value throughsettlement. The fair value of Other Bet awards is based on the equity valuation of the respective Other Bet.Advertising and Promotional ExpensesWe expense advertising and promotional costs in the period in which they are incurred. For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and2021, advertising and promotional expenses totaled approximately $6.8 billion, $5.4 billion, and $7.9 billion, respectively.Performance FeesPerformance fees refer to compensation arrangements with payouts based on realized returns from certain investments. We recognizecompensation expense based on the estimated payouts, which may result in expense recognized before investment returns are realized, and mayrequire the use of unobservable inputs. Performance fees are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.Fair Value MeasurementsFair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transactionbetween market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on assumptions that market participantswould use in pricing an asset or a liability. Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fairvalue hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:Level 1 - Observable inputs that reflect quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.Level 2 - Inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments inmarkets that are not active, and model-based valuation techniques for which all significant inputs are observable in the market or can be derivedfrom observable market data. Where applicable, these models project future cash flows and discount the future amounts to a present valueusing market-based observable inputs including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and credit ratings.Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activities.56Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The fair value hierarchy requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs whenmeasuring fair value.Our financial assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis include cash equivalents, marketable securities,derivative financial instruments, and certain non-marketable debt securities. Our financial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basisinclude non-marketable equity securities. Other financial assets and liabilities are carried at cost with fair value disclosed, if required.We measure certain other instruments, including stock-based compensation awards settled in the stock of certain Other Bets, and certainassets and liabilities acquired in a business combination, also at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The determination of fair value involves the use ofappropriate valuation methods and relevant inputs into valuation models.Financial InstrumentsOur financial instruments include cash, cash equivalents, marketable and non-marketable securities, derivative financial instruments andaccounts receivable.Credit RisksWe are subject to credit risk from cash equivalents, marketable securities, derivative financial instruments, including foreign exchange contracts,and accounts receivable. We manage our credit risk exposure through timely assessment of our counterparty creditworthiness, credit limits and useof collateral management. Foreign exchange contracts are transacted with various financial institutions with high credit standing. Accounts receivableare typically unsecured and are derived from revenues earned from customers located around the world. We manage our credit risk exposure byperforming ongoing evaluations to determine customer credit and we limit the amount of credit we extend. We generally do not require collateral fromour customers.Cash EquivalentsWe invest excess cash primarily in government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, time deposits,and money market funds.Marketable SecuritiesWe classify all marketable debt securities that have stated maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase as cash equivalents andthose with stated maturities of greater than three months as marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We determine theappropriate classification of our investments in marketable debt securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balancesheet date. We have classified and accounted for our marketable debt securities as available-for-sale. After consideration of our risk versus rewardobjectives, as well as our liquidity requirements, we may sell these debt securities prior to their stated maturities. As we view these securities asavailable to support current operations, we classify highly liquid securities with maturities beyond 12 months as current assets under the captionmarketable securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We carry these securities at fair value, and report the unrealized gains and losses, net oftaxes, as a component of stockholders’ equity, except for the changes in allowance for expected credit losses, which are recorded in other income(expense), net. For certain marketable debt securities we have elected the fair value option, for which changes in fair value are recorded in otherincome (expense), net. We determine any realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable debt securities on a specific identification method, andwe record such gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net.Our investments in marketable equity securities are measured at fair value with the related gains and losses, including unrealized, recognized inother income (expense), net. We classify our marketable equity securities subject to long-term lock-up restrictions beyond twelve months as othernon-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.Non-Marketable SecuritiesWe account for non-marketable equity securities through which we exercise significant influence but do not have control over the investee underthe equity method. Our non-marketable equity securities not accounted for under the equity method are primarily accounted for under themeasurement alternative. Under the measurement alternative, the carrying value is measured at cost, less any impairment, plus or minus changesresulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Adjustments are determinedprimarily based on a market approach as of the transaction date and are recorded as a component of other income (expense), net.Non-marketable debt securities are classified as available-for-sale securities.57Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Non-marketable securities that do not have stated contractual maturity dates are classified as other non-current assets on the ConsolidatedBalance Sheets.Derivative Financial InstrumentsSee Note 3 for the accounting policy pertaining to derivative financial instruments.Accounts ReceivableOur payment terms for accounts receivable vary by the types and locations of our customers and the products or services offered. The termbetween invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain products or services and customers, we require payment before theproducts or services are delivered to the customer.We maintain an allowance for credit losses for accounts receivable, which is recorded as an offset to accounts receivable, and changes in suchare classified as general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. We assess collectibility by reviewing accountsreceivable on a collective basis where similar characteristics exist and on an individual basis when we identify specific customers with known disputesor collectibility issues. In determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses, we consider historical collectibility based on past due status andmake judgments about the creditworthiness of customers based on ongoing credit evaluations. We also consider customer-specific information,current market conditions (such as the effects caused by COVID-19), and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions.The allowance for credit losses on accounts receivable was $789 million and $550 million as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively.OtherOur financial instruments also include debt and equity investments in companies with which we also have commercial arrangements. For thesetransactions, judgment is required to assess the substance of the arrangements, such as the market value of similar transactions or the fair value ofthe investment based on stand-alone transactions, and whether the agreements should be accounted for as separate transactions under theapplicable GAAP.Impairment of InvestmentsWe periodically review our debt and non-marketable equity securities for impairment.For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, we determine whether a credit loss exists. The credit loss is estimated by consideringavailable information relevant to the collectibility of the security and information about past events, current conditions, and reasonable andsupportable forecasts. Any credit loss is recorded as a charge to other income (expense), net, not to exceed the amount of the unrealized loss.Unrealized losses other than the credit loss are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). If we have an intent to sell, or if it ismore likely than not that we will be required to sell a debt security in an unrealized loss position before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we willwrite down the security to its fair value and record the corresponding charge as a component of other income (expense), net.For non-marketable equity securities, including equity method investments, we consider whether impairment indicators exist by evaluating thecompanies' financial and liquidity position and access to capital resources, among other indicators. If the assessment indicates that the investment isimpaired, we write down the investment to its fair value by recording the corresponding charge as a component of other income (expense), net. Weprepare quantitative measurements of the fair value of our equity investments using a market approach or an income approach.InventoryInventory consists primarily of finished goods and is stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is computed using the first-in, first-out method.Variable Interest EntitiesWe determine at the inception of each arrangement whether an entity in which we have made an investment or in which we have other variableinterests is considered a variable interest entity (VIE). We consolidate VIEs when we are the primary beneficiary. We are the primary beneficiary of aVIE when we have the power to direct activities that most significantly affect the economic performance of the VIE and have the obligation to absorbthe majority of their losses or benefits. If we are not the primary beneficiary in a VIE, we account for the investment or other variable interests in a VIEin accordance with applicable GAAP.Periodically, we assess whether any changes in our interest or relationship with the entity affect our determination of whether the entity is a VIEand, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary.58Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Property and EquipmentProperty and equipment includes the following categories: land and buildings, information technology assets, construction in progress, leaseholdimprovements, and furniture and fixtures. Land and buildings include land, offices, data centers, and related building improvements. Informationtechnology assets include servers and network equipment. We account for property and equipment at cost less accumulated depreciation. Wecompute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which we regularly evaluate. We depreciatebuildings over periods of seven to 25 years. We depreciate information technology assets generally over periods of four to five years (generally, fouryears for servers and five years for network equipment).We depreciate leasehold improvements over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the estimated useful lives of the assets. Construction inprogress is the construction or development of property and equipment that have not yet been placed in service for our intended use. Depreciation forequipment, buildings, and leasehold improvements commences once they are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated.LeasesWe determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Our lease agreements generally contain lease and non-lease components. Paymentsunder our lease arrangements are primarily fixed. Non-lease components primarily include payments for maintenance and utilities. We combine fixedpayments for non-lease components with lease payments and account for them together as a single lease component which increases the amount ofour lease assets and liabilities.Certain lease agreements contain variable payments, which are expensed as incurred and not included in the lease assets and liabilities. Theseamounts include payments affected by the Consumer Price Index, payments contingent on wind or solar production for power purchasearrangements, and payments for maintenance and utilities.Lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the present value of the future lease payments at the lease commencement date. The interest rateused to determine the present value of the future lease payments is our incremental borrowing rate, because the interest rate implicit in our leases isnot readily determinable. Our incremental borrowing rate is estimated to approximate the interest rate on a collateralized basis with similar terms andpayments, and in economic environments where the leased asset is located. Our lease terms include periods under options to extend or terminatethe lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. We generally use the base, non-cancelable, lease term when determining thelease assets and liabilities. Lease assets also include any prepaid lease payments and lease incentives.Operating lease assets and liabilities are included on our Consolidated Balance Sheet. The current portion of our operating lease liabilities isincluded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and the long-term portion is included in operating lease liabilities. Finance lease assets areincluded in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities or long-term debt.Operating lease expense (excluding variable lease costs) is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.Long-Lived Assets, Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible AssetsWe review property and equipment and intangible assets, excluding goodwill, for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicatethe carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets.We measure recoverability of these assets by comparing the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows that the assets or the assetgroup are expected to generate. If the carrying value of the assets or asset group is not recoverable, the impairment recognized is measured as theamount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. Impairments were not material for the periods presented.We allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the expected benefit from the business combination. We evaluate our reporting unitsperiodically, as well as when changes in our operating segments occur. For changes in reporting units, we reassign goodwill using a relative fair valueallocation approach. We test our goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that theasset may be impaired. Goodwill impairments were not material for the periods presented.Intangible assets with definite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis generally over periods ranging fromone to twelve years.59Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Income TaxesWe account for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which we recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for thecurrent year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements ortax returns. We measure current and deferred tax assets and liabilities based on provisions of enacted tax law. We evaluate the realization of ourdeferred tax assets based on all available evidence and establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than notthat they will not be realized.We recognize the financial statement effects of a tax position when it is more likely than not that, based on technical merits, the position will besustained upon examination. The tax benefits of the position recognized in the financial statements are then measured based on the largest amountof benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement with a taxing authority. In addition, we recognize interest and penalties relatedto unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the income tax provision.Business CombinationsWe include the results of operations of the businesses that we acquire as of the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase price of theacquisitions to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the purchase price over the fair valuesof identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combinationand are expensed as incurred.Foreign CurrencyWe translate the financial statements of our international subsidiaries to U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities,and average rates for the annual period derived from month-end exchange rates for revenues, costs, and expenses. We record translation gains andlosses in AOCI as a component of stockholders’ equity. We reflect net foreign exchange transaction gains and losses resulting from the conversion ofthe transaction currency to functional currency as a component of foreign currency exchange gain (loss) in other income (expense), net.Prior Period ReclassificationsCertain amounts in prior periods have been reclassified to conform with current period presentation.Note 2. RevenuesRevenue RecognitionThe following table presents revenues disaggregated by type (in millions):Year Ended December 31,201920202021Google Search & other$98,115 $104,062 $148,951 YouTube ads15,149 19,772 28,845 Google Network21,547 23,090 31,701 Google advertising134,811 146,924 209,497 Google other17,014 21,711 28,032 Google Services total151,825 168,635 237,529 Google Cloud8,918 13,059 19,206 Other Bets659 657 753 Hedging gains (losses)455 176 149 Total revenues$161,857 $182,527 $257,637 No individual customer or groups of affiliated customers represented more than 10% of our revenues in 2019, 2020, or 2021.60Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The following table presents revenues disaggregated by geography, based on the addresses of our customers (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201920202021United States$74,843 46 %$85,014 47 %$117,854 46 %EMEA50,645 31 55,370 30 79,107 31 APAC26,928 17 32,550 18 46,123 18 Other Americas8,986 6 9,417 5 14,404 5 Hedging gains (losses)455 0 176 0 149 0 Total revenues$161,857 100 %$182,527 100 %$257,637 100 %    Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas").Revenue Backlog and Deferred RevenuesAs of December 31, 2021 we had $51.0 billion of remaining performance obligations (“revenue backlog”), primarily related to Google Cloud, andexpect to recognize approximately half of this amount as revenues over the next 24 months with the remaining thereafter. Our revenue backlogrepresents commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenues. The amount and timing of revenuerecognition for these commitments is largely driven by when our customers utilize services and our ability to deliver in accordance with relevantcontract terms, which could affect our estimate of revenue backlog and when we expect to recognize such as revenues. Revenue backlog includesrelated deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes contracts with an originalexpected term of one year or less and cancellable contracts.We record deferred revenues when cash payments are received or due in advance of our performance, including amounts which are refundable.Deferred revenues primarily relate to Google Cloud and Google other. Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2020 was $3.0 billion, of which$2.3 billion was recognized as revenues for the year ending December 31, 2021.Note 3. Financial InstrumentsDebt SecuritiesWe classify our marketable debt securities, which are accounted for as available-for-sale within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy, because weuse quoted market prices to the extent available or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs to determine fair value.For certain marketable debt securities, we have elected the fair value option for which changes in fair value are recorded in other income(expense), net. The fair value option was elected for these securities to align with the unrealized gains and losses from related derivative contracts.Unrealized net gains (losses) related to debt securities still held where we have elected the fair value option were $87 million and $(35) million as ofDecember 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, the fair value of these debt securitieswas $2.0 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively.(1)(1)(1)(1)61Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. The following tables summarize debt securities, for which we did not elect the fair value option, by significant investment categories as ofDecember 31, 2020 and 2021 (in millions): As of December 31, 2020 AdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFairValueCash andCashEquivalentsMarketableSecuritiesLevel 2:Time deposits$3,564 $0 $0 $3,564 $3,564 $0 Government bonds55,156 793 (9)55,940 2,527 53,413 Corporate debt securities31,521 704 (2)32,223 8 32,215 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities16,767 364 (7)17,124 0 17,124 Total$107,008 $1,861 $(18)$108,851 $6,099 $102,752  As of December 31, 2021 AdjustedCostGrossUnrealizedGainsGrossUnrealizedLossesFairValueCash andCashEquivalentsMarketableSecuritiesLevel 2:Time deposits$5,133 $0 $0 $5,133 $5,133 $0 Government bonds53,288 258 (238)53,308 5 53,303 Corporate debt securities35,605 194 (223)35,576 12 35,564 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities18,829 96 (112)18,813 0 18,813 Total$112,855 $548 $(573)$112,830 $5,150 $107,680 The majority of our time deposits are domestic deposits.We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method. We recognized grossrealized gains of $292 million, $899 million, and $432 million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively. We recognizedgross realized losses of $143 million, $184 million, and $329 million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively. We reflectthese gains and losses as a component of other income (expense), net.The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of investments in marketable debt securities by stated contractual maturity dates (inmillions):As ofDecember 31, 2021Due in 1 year or less$16,192 Due in 1 year through 5 years78,625 Due in 5 years through 10 years4,675 Due after 10 years12,864 Total$112,356 The following tables present fair values and gross unrealized losses recorded to AOCI as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, aggregated byinvestment category and the length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions): As of December 31, 2020 Less than 12 Months12 Months or GreaterTotal Fair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossGovernment bonds$5,516 $(9)$3 $0 $5,519 $(9)Corporate debt securities1,999 (1)0 0 1,999 (1)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities929 (5)242 (2)1,171 (7)Total$8,444 $(15)$245 $(2)$8,689 $(17)(1)(1)(1)62Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. As of December 31, 2021 Less than 12 Months12 Months or GreaterTotal Fair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossFair ValueUnrealizedLossGovernment bonds$32,843 $(236)$71 $(2)$32,914 $(238)Corporate debt securities22,737 (152)303 (5)23,040 (157)Mortgage-backed and asset-backedsecurities11,502 (106)248 (6)11,750 (112)Total$67,082 $(494)$622 $(13)$67,704 $(507)During the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, we did not recognize significant credit losses and the ending allowance for credit losseswas immaterial. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.Equity InvestmentsThe following discusses our marketable equity securities, non-marketable equity securities, gains and losses on marketable and non-marketableequity securities, as well as our equity securities accounted for under the equity method.Our marketable equity securities are publicly traded stocks or funds measured at fair value and classified within Level 1 and 2 in the fair valuehierarchy because we use quoted prices for identical assets in active markets or inputs that are based upon quoted prices for similar instruments inactive markets.Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carryingvalue of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the sameissuer or impairment (referred to as the measurement alternative). Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the periodbased on observable transactions are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based onvaluation methods which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputsincluding volatility, rights, and obligations of the securities we hold. The fair value of non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured dueto impairment are classified within Level 3.Gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesGains and losses reflected in other income (expense), net, for marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (inmillions):Year Ended December 31, 20202021Net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period$1,339 $1,196 Unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities held as of the end of the period4,253 11,184 Total gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net$5,592 $12,380 In the table above, net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carryingvalue of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Cumulative net gains (losses) on equity securities sold during the period, which is summarized in the following table (in millions), represents thetotal net gains (losses) recognized after the initial purchase date of the equity security. While these net gains may have been reflected in periods priorto the period of sale, we believe they are important supplemental information as they reflect the economic net gains recognized on the securities soldduring the period. Cumulative net gains are calculated as the difference between the sale price and the initial purchase price for the equity securitysold during the period.63Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Equity Securities Sold During the Year EndedDecember 31, 20202021Total sale price$4,767 $5,604 Total initial cost2,674 1,206 Cumulative net gains$2,093 $4,398 Cumulative net gains excludes cumulative losses of $738 million resulting from our equity derivatives, which hedged the changes in fair value of certainmarketable equity securities sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. The associated derivative liabilities arising from these losses were settled againstour holdings of the underlying equity securities.Carrying value of marketable and non-marketable equity securitiesThe carrying value is measured as the total initial cost plus the cumulative net gain (loss). The carrying values for marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized below (in millions):As of December 31, 2020Marketable EquitySecuritiesNon-Marketable EquitySecuritiesTotalTotal initial cost$2,227 $14,616 $16,843 Cumulative net gain (loss)3,631 4,277 7,908 Carrying value$5,858 $18,893 $24,751 Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $6.1 billion gains and $1.9 billion losses (including impairment).The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $429 million is included within other non-current assets.As of December 31, 2021Marketable EquitySecuritiesNon-Marketable EquitySecuritiesTotalTotal initial cost$4,211 $15,135 $19,346 Cumulative net gain (loss)3,587 12,436 16,023 Carrying value$7,798 $27,571 $35,369 Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of $14.1 billion gains and $1.7 billion losses (including impairment).The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $1.4 billion is included within other non-current assets.Marketable equity securitiesThe following table summarizes marketable equity securities measured at fair value by significant investment categories as of December 31,2020 and 2021 (in millions): As of December 31, 2020As of December 31, 2021 Cash and CashEquivalentsMarketable EquitySecuritiesCash and CashEquivalentsMarketable EquitySecuritiesLevel 1:Money market funds$12,210 $0 $7,499 $0 Marketable equity securities0 5,470 0 7,447 12,210 5,470 7,499 7,447 Level 2:Mutual funds0 388 0 351 Total$12,210 $5,858 $7,499 $7,798     The balance as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 includes investments that were reclassified from non-marketable equity securities following the commencementof public market trading of the issuers or acquisition by public entities (certain investments are subject to short-term lock-up restrictions).    As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, the long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of $429 million and $1.4billion, respectively, is included within other non-current assets.(1)(1)(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)64Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Non-marketable equity securitiesThe following is a summary of unrealized gains and losses recorded in other income (expense), net, which are included as adjustments to thecarrying value of non-marketable equity securities held as of the end of the period (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20202021Unrealized gains on non-marketable equity securities$3,020 $9,971 Unrealized losses on non-marketable equity securities (including impairment)(1,489)(122)Total unrealized gain (loss) recognized on non-marketable equity securities$1,531 $9,849 During the year ended December 31, 2021, included in the $27.6 billion of non-marketable equity securities held as of the end of the period,$18.6 billion were measured at fair value resulting in a net unrealized gain of $9.8 billion.Equity securities accounted for under the Equity MethodAs of December 31, 2020 and 2021, equity securities accounted for under the equity method had a carrying value of approximately $1.4 billionand $1.5 billion, respectively. Our share of gains and losses, including impairments, are included as a component of other income (expense), net, inthe Consolidated Statements of Income. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.Derivative Financial InstrumentsWe enter into derivative instruments to manage risks relating to our ongoing business operations. The primary risk managed with derivativeinstruments is foreign exchange risk. We use foreign currency contracts to reduce the risk that our cash flows, earnings, and investment in foreignsubsidiaries will be adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We also enter into derivative instruments to partially offset ourexposure to other risks and enhance investment returns.We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value and classify the derivativesprimarily within Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. We present our collar contracts (an option strategy comprised of a combination of purchased andwritten options) at net fair values where both the purchased and written options are with the same counterparty. For other derivative contracts, wepresent at gross fair values. We primarily record changes in the fair value in the Consolidated Statements of Income as either other income(expense), net, or revenues, or in the Consolidated Balance Sheets in AOCI, as discussed below.We enter into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty.Further, we enter into collateral security arrangements that provide for collateral to be received or pledged when the net fair value of certain financialinstruments fluctuates from contractually established thresholds. Cash collateral received related to derivative instruments under our collateralsecurity arrangements are included in other current assets with a corresponding liability. Cash and non-cash collateral pledged related to derivativeinstruments under our collateral security arrangements are included in other current assets.Cash Flow HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward and option contracts (including collars) as cash flow hedges to hedge certain forecasted revenuetransactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. These contracts have maturities of 24 months or less.Cash flow hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are deferred in AOCI and subsequently reclassified to revenuewhen the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We exclude the change in forward points and time value from our assessment of hedgeeffectiveness. The initial value of the excluded component is amortized on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument and recognizedin revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is recorded in AOCI. If thehedged transactions become probable of not occurring, the corresponding amounts in AOCI are reclassified to other income (expense), net in theperiod of de-designation.As of December 31, 2021, the net accumulated gain on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was $518 million, which isexpected to be reclassified from AOCI into earnings within the next 12 months.Fair Value HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our investments denominated incurrencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the65Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in other income (expense), net, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedgeditems. We exclude changes in forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in otherincome (expense), net.Net Investment HedgesWe designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment inforeign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with the foreigncurrency translation adjustment. We exclude changes in forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in theexcluded component in other income (expense), net.Other DerivativesOther derivatives not designated as hedging instruments consist primarily of foreign currency forward contracts that we use to hedgeintercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gainsand losses on these contracts, as well as the related costs, are recognized in other income (expense), net, along with the foreign currency gains andlosses on monetary assets and liabilities.We also use derivatives not designated as hedging instruments to manage risks relating to interest rates, commodity prices, credit exposuresand to enhance investment returns. Additionally, from time to time, we enter into derivatives to hedge the market price risk on certain of ourmarketable equity securities. Gains (losses) arising from these derivatives are reflected within the "other" component of other income (expense), netand the offsetting recognized gains (losses) on the marketable equity securities are reflected within the gain (loss) on equity securities, netcomponent of other income (expense), net. See Note 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.The gross notional amounts of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):As of December 31,20202021Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts    Cash flow hedges$10,187 $16,362     Fair value hedges$1,569 $2,556     Net investment hedges$9,965 $10,159 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts$39,861 $41,031 Other contracts$2,399 $4,275 66Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The fair values of outstanding derivative instruments were as follows (in millions):  As of December 31, 2020  Balance Sheet LocationFair Value ofDerivativesDesignated asHedging InstrumentsFair Value ofDerivatives NotDesignated asHedging InstrumentsTotal FairValueDerivative Assets:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsOther current and non-currentassets$33 $316 $349 Other contractsOther current and non-currentassets0 16 16 Total$33 $332 $365 Derivative Liabilities:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current$395 $185 $580 Other contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current0 942 942 Total$395 $1,127 $1,522   As of December 31, 2021  Balance Sheet LocationFair Value ofDerivativesDesignated asHedging InstrumentsFair Value ofDerivatives NotDesignated asHedging InstrumentsTotal FairValueDerivative Assets:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsOther current and non-currentassets$867 $42 $909 Other contractsOther current and non-currentassets0 52 52 Total$867 $94 $961 Derivative Liabilities:Level 2:Foreign exchange contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current$8 $452 $460 Other contractsAccrued expenses and otherliabilities, current and non-current0 121 121 Total$8 $573 $581 67Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.The gains (losses) on derivatives in cash flow hedging and net investment hedging relationships recognized in other comprehensive income(OCI) were summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized in OCIon Derivatives Before Tax Effect Year Ended December 31,201920202021Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount included in the assessment of effectiveness$38 $102 $806 Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness(14)(37)48 Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount included in the assessment of effectiveness131 (851)754 Total$155 $(786)$1,608 The effect of derivative instruments on income was summarized below (in millions): Gains (Losses) Recognized in IncomeYear Ended December 31,201920202021RevenuesOther income(expense), netRevenuesOther income(expense), netRevenuesOther income(expense), netTotal amounts presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income in whichthe effects of cash flow and fair value hedges are recorded$161,857 $5,394 $182,527 $6,858 $257,637 $12,020 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI to income$367 $0 $144 $0 $165 $0 Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness recognized inearnings based on an amortization approach88 0 33 0 (16)0 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsHedged items0 (19)0 18 0 (95)Derivatives designated as hedging instruments0 19 0 (18)0 95 Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 25 0 4 0 8 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives in Net Investment Hedging Relationship:Foreign exchange contractsAmount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness0 243 0 151 0 82 Gains (Losses) on Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments:Foreign exchange contracts0 (413)0718 0 (860)Other Contracts0 0 0 (906)0 101 Total gains (losses)$455 $(145)$177 $(33)$149 $(669)68Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Offsetting of DerivativesThe gross amounts of derivative instruments subject to master netting arrangements with various counterparties, and cash and non-cashcollateral received and pledged under such agreements were as follows (in millions):Offsetting of AssetsAs of December 31, 2020Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedAssetsGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralReceivedNon-CashCollateralReceivedNet AssetsExposedDerivatives$397 $(32)$365 $(295)$(16)$0 $54 As of December 31, 2021Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedAssetsGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstrumentsCash CollateralReceivedNon-CashCollateralReceivedNet AssetsExposedDerivatives$999 $(38)$961 $(434)$(394)$(12)$121 The balances as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 were related to derivative liabilities which are allowed to be net settled against derivative assets in accordancewith our master netting agreements.Offsetting of LiabilitiesAs of December 31, 2020Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets,but Have Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilitiesGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralPledgedNon-CashCollateral PledgedNet LiabilitiesDerivatives$1,554 $(32)$1,522 $(295)$(1)$(943)$283 As of December 31, 2021Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, butHave Legal Rights to OffsetGross Amounts ofRecognizedLiabilitiesGross AmountsOffset in theConsolidatedBalance SheetsNet Presented inthe ConsolidatedBalance SheetsFinancialInstruments Cash CollateralPledgedNon-CashCollateral PledgedNet LiabilitiesDerivatives$619 $(38)$581 $(434)$(4)$(110)$33 The balances as of December 31, 2020 and 2021 were related to derivative assets which are allowed to be net settled against derivative liabilities in accordancewith our master netting agreements.Note 4. LeasesWe have entered into operating lease agreements primarily for data centers, land and offices throughout the world with lease periods expiringbetween 2022 and 2063.Components of operating lease expense were as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20202021Operating lease cost$2,267 $2,699 Variable lease cost619 726 Total operating lease cost$2,886 $3,425 (1)(1)(1)    (2)(2)(2)    69Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Supplemental information related to operating leases was as follows (in millions):Year Ended December 31,20202021Cash payments for operating leases$2,004 $2,489 New operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities$2,765 $2,951 As of December 31, 2021, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 8 years and a weighted average discount rateof 2.3%. Future lease payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2021 were as follows (in millions):2022$2,539 20232,527 20242,226 20251,815 20261,401 Thereafter4,948 Total future lease payments15,456 Less imputed interest(1,878)Total lease liability balance$13,578 As of December 31, 2021, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with short-term and long-term future lease payments of$606 million and $5.2 billion, excluding purchase options, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases willcommence between 2022 and 2026 with non-cancelable lease terms of 1 to 25 years.Note 5. Variable Interest EntitiesConsolidated VIEsWe consolidate VIEs in which we hold a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary. The results of operations and financial position ofthese VIEs are included in our consolidated financial statements.For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2020 and2021, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were $5.7 billion and $6.0 billion, respectively, and the liabilities for whichcreditors only have recourse to the VIEs were $2.3 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively.Total noncontrolling interests (NCI), including redeemable noncontrolling interests (RNCI), in our consolidated subsidiaries was $3.9 billion and$4.3 billion as of December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable tononcontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and is included within the "other" component of other income (expense), net. SeeNote 7 for further details on other income (expense), net.WaymoIn June 2021, Waymo, a self-driving technology development company and a consolidated VIE, completed an investment round of $2.5 billion,the majority of which represented investment from Alphabet. The investments from external parties were accounted for as equity transactions andresulted in recognition of noncontrolling interests.Unconsolidated VIEsWe have investments in VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarily early stagecompanies and certain renewable energy entities in which activities involve power generation using renewable sources.We have determined that the governance structures of these entities do not allow us to direct the activities that would significantly affect theireconomic performance. Therefore, we are not the primary beneficiary, and the results of operations and financial position of these VIEs are notincluded in our consolidated financial statements. We account for these investments as non-marketable equity securities or equity methodinvestments.The maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs is generally based on the current carrying value of the investments and any future fundingcommitments. We have determined that the single source of our exposure to these70Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.VIEs is our capital investments in them. The carrying value, and maximum exposure of these unconsolidated VIEs were $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion,respectively, as of December 31, 2020 and $2.7 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2021.Note 6. DebtShort-Term DebtWe have a debt financing program of up to $10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper, which increased from $5.0 billion inSeptember 2021. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial paper outstanding as ofDecember 31, 2020 and 2021.Our short-term debt balance also includes the current portion of certain long-term debt.Long-Term DebtTotal outstanding debt is summarized below (in millions, except percentages):Effective InterestRateAs of December 31,MaturityCoupon Rate20202021Debt2011-2020 Notes Issuances2024 - 20600.45% - 3.38%0.57% - 3.38%$14,000 $13,000 Future finance lease payments, net1,201 2,086       Total debt15,201 15,086 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs(169)(156)Less: Current portion of Notes(999)— Less: Current portion future finance leasepayments, net(101)(113)       Total long-term debt$13,932 $14,817 Net of imputed interest.Total current portion of long-term debt is included within other accrued expenses and current liabilities. See Note 7.The notes in the table above are comprised of fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and generally rank equally with each other. We mayredeem the notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based on proceeds received withinterest payable semi-annually.The total estimated fair value of the outstanding notes, including the current portion, was approximately $14.0 billion and $12.4 billion as ofDecember 31, 2020 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instrumentsin less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate future principal payments for long-term debt, including finance lease liabilities, for each of the next fiveyears and thereafter were as follows (in millions):2022$187 202314620241,15920251,16220262,165Thereafter10,621Total$15,440 Credit FacilityAs of December 31, 2021, we have $10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities. No amounts were outstanding under the credit facilities as ofDecember 31, 2020 and 2021.(1)(2)(1)(2)(1)(2)71Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.In April 2021, we terminated the existing $4.0 billion revolving credit facilities, which were scheduled to expire in July 2023, and entered into twonew revolving credit facilities in the amounts of $4.0 billion and $6.0 billion, which will expire in April 2022 and April 2026, respectively. The interestrates for the new credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement ofcertain sustainability goals. No amounts have been borrowed under the new credit facilities.Note 7. Supplemental Financial Statement InformationProperty and Equipment, NetProperty and equipment, net, consisted of the following (in millions):As of December 31,20202021Land and buildings$49,732 $58,881 Information technology assets45,906 55,606 Construction in progress23,111 23,171 Leasehold improvements7,516 9,146 Furniture and fixtures197 208 Property and equipment, gross126,462 147,012 Less: accumulated depreciation(41,713)(49,414)Property and equipment, net$84,749 $97,599 Accrued expenses and other current liabilitiesAccrued expenses and other current liabilities consisted of the following (in millions):As of December 31,20202021European Commission fines$10,409 $9,799 Payables to brokers for unsettled investment trades754 397 Accrued customer liabilities3,118 3,505 Accrued purchases of property and equipment2,197 2,415 Current operating lease liabilities1,694 2,189 Other accrued expenses and current liabilities10,459 12,931 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities$28,631 $31,236 Includes the effects of foreign exchange and interest. See Note 10 for further details.(1)(1)    72Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)Components of AOCI, net of income tax, were as follows (in millions):Foreign CurrencyTranslation AdjustmentsUnrealized Gains(Losses) on Available-for-Sale InvestmentsUnrealized Gains(Losses) on CashFlow HedgesTotalBalance as of December 31, 2018$(1,884)$(688)$266 $(2,306)Cumulative effect of accounting change0 0 (30)(30)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(119)1,611 36 1,528 Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 (14)(14)Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (111)(299)(410)Other comprehensive income (loss)(119)1,500 (277)1,104 Balance as of December 31, 2019(2,003)812 (41)(1,232)Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications1,139 1,313 79 2,531 Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 (37)(37)Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (513)(116)(629)Other comprehensive income (loss)1,139 800 (74)1,865 Balance as of December 31, 2020(864)1,612 (115)633 Other comprehensive income (loss) beforereclassifications(1,442)(1,312)668 (2,086)Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedgeeffectiveness recorded in AOCI0 0 48 48 Amounts reclassified from AOCI0 (64)(154)(218)Other comprehensive income (loss)(1,442)(1,376)562 (2,256)Balance as of December 31, 2021$(2,306)$236 $447 $(1,623)The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from AOCI were as follows (in millions):Gains (Losses) Reclassified from AOCI to the ConsolidatedStatements of IncomeYear Ended December 31, AOCI ComponentsLocation201920202021Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale investmentsOther income (expense), net$149 $650 $82 Benefit (provision) for income taxes(38)(137)(18)Net of income tax111 513 64 Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedgesForeign exchange contractsRevenue367 144 165 Interest rate contractsOther income (expense), net6 6 6 Benefit (provision) for income taxes(74)(34)(17)Net of income tax299 116 154 Total amount reclassified, net of income tax$410 $629 $218 73Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Other Income (Expense), NetComponents of other income (expense), net, were as follows (in millions):  Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Interest income$2,427 $1,865 $1,499 Interest expense(100)(135)(346)Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net103 (344)(240)Gain (loss) on debt securities, net149 725 (110)Gain (loss) on equity securities, net2,649 5,592 12,380 Performance fees(326)(609)(1,908)Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net390 401 334 Other102 (637)411 Other income (expense), net$5,394 $6,858 $12,020 Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of $167 million, $218 million, and $163 million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively.Our foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net, is primarily related to the forward points for our foreign currency hedging contracts and foreign exchangetransaction gains and losses from the conversion of the transaction currency to the functional currency, offset by the foreign currency hedging contracts' lossesand gains.During the year ended December 31, 2020, we entered into derivatives that hedged the changes in fair value of certain marketable equity securities, whichresulted in losses of $902 million and gains of $92 million for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, respectively. The offsetting recognized gains andlosses on the marketable equity securities are reflected in Gain (loss) on equity securities, net.Note 8. AcquisitionsFitbitIn January 2021, we closed the acquisition of Fitbit, a leading wearables brand for $2.1 billion. The addition of Fitbit to Google Services isexpected to help spur innovation in wearable devices. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at fair value. The purchase priceexcludes post acquisition compensation arrangements. The purchase price was attributed to $440 million cash acquired, $590 million of intangibleassets, $1.2 billion of goodwill and $92 million of net liabilities assumed. Goodwill was recorded in the Google Services segment and primarilyattributable to synergies expected to arise after the acquisition. Goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.Other AcquisitionsDuring the year ended December 31, 2021, we completed other acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets for total consideration ofapproximately $885 million, net of cash acquired, of which the total amount of goodwill expected to be deductible for tax purposes is approximately$118 million. Pro forma results of operations for these acquisitions have not been presented because they are not material to our consolidated resultsof operations, either individually or in the aggregate.(1) (2)(3)(1)    (2)    (3)    74Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 9. Goodwill and Other Intangible AssetsGoodwillChanges in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021 were as follows (in millions):GoogleGoogle ServicesGoogle CloudOther BetsTotalBalance as of December 31, 2019$19,921 $0 $0 $703 $20,624 Acquisitions204 53 189 0 446 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments46 56 5 (2)105 Allocation in the fourth quarter of 2020(20,171)18,408 1,763 0 0 Balance as of December 31, 20200 18,517 1,957 701 21,175 Acquisitions0 1,325 382 103 1,810 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments0 (16)(2)(11)(29)Balance as of December 31, 2021$0 $19,826 $2,337 $793 $22,956 Represents reallocation of goodwill as a result of our change in segments in the fourth quarter of 2020. See Note 15 for further details.Other Intangible AssetsInformation regarding purchased intangible assets was as follows (in millions): As of December 31, 2020 GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingAmountPatents and developed technology$4,639 $3,649 $990 Customer relationships266 49 217 Trade names and other624 461 163 Total definite-lived intangible assets5,529 4,159 1,370 Indefinite-lived intangible assets75 0 75 Total intangible assets$5,604 $4,159 $1,445  As of December 31, 2021 GrossCarryingAmountAccumulatedAmortizationNetCarryingValuePatents and developed technology$4,786 $4,112 $674 Customer relationships506 140 366 Trade names and other534 295 239 Total definite-lived intangible assets5,826 4,547 1,279 Indefinite-lived intangible assets138 0 138 Total intangible assets$5,964 $4,547 $1,417 Patents and developed technology, customer relationships, and trade names and other have weighted-average remaining useful lives of 0.7years, 3.5 years, and 4.5 years, respectively.For all intangible assets acquired and purchased during the year ended December 31, 2021, patents and developed technology have aweighted-average useful life of 4.1 years, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of 4.3 years, and trade names and other have aweighted-average useful life of 9.9 years.Amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets was $795 million, $774 million, and $875 million for the years endedDecember 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively.(1)(1)75Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.As of December 31, 2021, expected amortization expense relating to purchased intangible assets for each of the next five years and thereafterwas as follows (in millions): 2022$537 2023255 2024226 202598 202661 Thereafter102 $1,279 Note 10. ContingenciesIndemnificationsIn the normal course of business, including to facilitate transactions in our services and products and corporate activities, we indemnify certainparties, including advertisers, Google Network partners, customers of Google Cloud offerings, lessors and service providers with respect to certainmatters. We have agreed to hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectualproperty infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claimcan be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and ourbylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the uniquefacts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, we have a limited history of prior indemnification claims, and thepayments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financialposition. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have amaterial adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period.As of December 31, 2021, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible.Legal MattersAntitrust InvestigationsOn November 30, 2010, the EC's Directorate General for Competition opened an investigation into various antitrust-related complaints againstus.On June 27, 2017, the EC announced its decision that certain actions taken by Google regarding its display and ranking of shopping searchresults and ads infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a €2.4 billion ($2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017) fine. On September 11,2017, we appealed the EC decision to the General Court, and on September 27, 2017, we implemented product changes to bring shopping ads intocompliance with the EC's decision. We recognized a charge of $2.7 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2017. On November 10, 2021, theGeneral Court rejected our appeal, and we subsequently filed an appeal with the European Court of Justice on January 20, 2022.On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google’s Android-related distribution agreements infringed Europeancompetition law. The EC decision imposed a €4.3 billion ($5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of the conduct at issue.On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision. On October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our Android distribution practices.We recognized a charge of $5.1 billion for the fine in the second quarter of 2018.On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Searchpartners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019) and directed actionsrelated to AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, we appealed the EC decision.We recognized a charge of $1.7 billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019.While each EC decision is under appeal, we included the fines in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated BalanceSheets as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines.76Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations on competition matters by regulatory authorities in the U.S.,Europe, and other jurisdictions. In August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) requestinginformation and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain aspects of our business. The DOJ and a number of state AttorneysGeneral filed a lawsuit on October 20, 2020 alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. Separately, onDecember 16, 2020, a number of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaint against Google in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern Districtof Texas, alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws as well as state deceptive trade laws relating to its advertising technology. On June 22,2021, the EC opened a formal investigation into Google's advertising technology business practices. On July 7, 2021, a number of state AttorneysGeneral filed an antitrust complaint against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that Google’s operation ofAndroid and Google Play violated U.S. antitrust laws and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. We believe these complaints are without meritand will defend ourselves vigorously. The DOJ and state Attorneys General continue their investigations into certain aspects of our business. Wecontinue to cooperate with federal and state regulators in the U.S., the EC and other regulators around the world.Patent and Intellectual Property ClaimsWe have had patent, copyright, trade secret, and trademark infringement lawsuits filed against us claiming that certain of our products, services,and technologies infringe others' intellectual property rights. Adverse results in these lawsuits may include awards of substantial monetary damages,costly royalty or licensing agreements, or orders preventing us from offering certain features, functionalities, products, or services. As a result, wemay have to change our business practices and develop non-infringing products or technologies, which could result in a loss of revenues for us andotherwise harm our business. In addition, the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC) has increasingly become an important forum to litigateintellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss in an ITC action can result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S.Because the U.S. is an important market, a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us, including preventing us from importingmany important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of our products.Furthermore, many of our agreements with our customers and partners require us to indemnify them against certain intellectual propertyinfringement claims, which would increase our costs as a result of defending such claims, and may require that we pay significant damages if therewere an adverse ruling in any such claims. In addition, our customers and partners may discontinue the use of our products, services, andtechnologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely affect our business.In 2010, Oracle America, Inc. (Oracle) brought a copyright lawsuit against Google in the Northern District of California, alleging that Google'sAndroid operating system infringes Oracle's copyrights related to certain Java application programming interfaces (Java APIs). After trial, finaljudgment was entered by the district court in favor of Google on June 8, 2016, and the court decided post-trial motions in favor of Google. Oracleappealed and on March 27, 2018, the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and remanded the case for a trial on damages. On May 29, 2018, wefiled a petition for a rehearing at the Federal Circuit, and on August 28, 2018, the Federal Circuit denied the petition. On January 24, 2019, we filed apetition to the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case. On April 29, 2019, the Supreme Court requested the views of the Solicitor General regardingour petition. On September 27, 2019, the Solicitor General recommended denying our petition, and we provided our response on October 16, 2019.On November 15, 2019, the Supreme Court granted our petition and made a decision to review the case. The Supreme Court heard oral argumentsin our case on October 7, 2020. On April 5, 2021, the Supreme Court reversed the Federal Circuit's ruling and found that Google’s use of the JavaAPIs was a fair use as a matter of law. The Supreme Court remanded the case to the Federal Circuit for further proceedings in conformity with theSupreme Court opinion. On May 14, 2021, the Federal Circuit entered an order affirming the district court’s final judgment in favor of Google. On June21, 2021, the Federal Circuit issued a mandate returning the case to the district court, and the case is now concluded.OtherWe are also regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations, other proceedings, and consent decrees involvingcompetition, intellectual property, privacy, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users,goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, consumer protection, and other matters. For example,we have a number of privacy investigations and suits ongoing in multiple jurisdictions. Such claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations,other proceedings, and consent decrees could result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing auditing and monitoring obligations,changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverseconsequences, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.77Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Certain of these outstanding matters include speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when we believethat it is probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible andthe loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affectthe amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments asappropriate. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to suchmatters.With respect to our outstanding matters, based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss willnot, either individually or in aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cashflows. However, the outcome of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties.We expense legal fees in the period in which they are incurred.Non-Income TaxesWe are under audit by various domestic and foreign tax authorities with regards to non-income tax matters. The subject matter of non-incometax audits primarily arises from disputes on the tax treatment and tax rate applied to the sale of our products and services in these jurisdictions andthe tax treatment of certain employee benefits. We accrue non-income taxes that may result from examinations by, or any negotiated agreementswith, these tax authorities when a loss is probable and reasonably estimable. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or rangeof loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. Due to the inherent complexity and uncertainty of these matters and judicialprocess in certain jurisdictions, the final outcome may be materially different from our expectations.For information regarding income tax contingencies, see Note 14.Note 11. Stockholders' EquityPreferred StockOur Board of Directors has authorized 100 million shares of preferred stock, $0.001 par value, issuable in series. As of December 31, 2020 and2021, no shares were issued or outstanding.Class A and Class B Common Stock and Class C Capital StockOur Board of Directors has authorized three classes of stock, Class A and Class B common stock, and Class C capital stock. The rights of theholders of each class of our common and capital stock are identical, except with respect to voting. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled toone vote per share. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. Class C capital stock has no voting rights, except asrequired by applicable law. Shares of Class B common stock may be converted at any time at the option of the stockholder and automatically convertupon sale or transfer to Class A common stock.Share RepurchasesIn April 2021, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to $50.0 billion of its Class C stock. In July 2021, theAlphabet board approved an amendment to the April 2021 authorization, permitting the company to repurchase both Class A and Class C shares in amanner deemed in the best interest of the company and its stockholders, taking into account the economic cost and prevailing market conditions,including the relative trading prices and volumes of the Class A and Class C shares. As of December 31, 2021, $17.4 billion remains available forClass A and Class C share repurchases under the amended authorization.In accordance with the authorizations of the Board of Directors of Alphabet, during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, werepurchased and subsequently retired 21.5 million and 20.3 million aggregate shares for $31.1 billion and $50.3 billion, respectively. Of the aggregateamount repurchased and subsequently retired during 2021, 1.2 million shares were Class A stock for $3.4 billion.Stock Split Effected in Form of Stock Dividend (“Stock Split”)On February 1, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had approved and declared a 20-for-one stock split in the form of aone-time special stock dividend on each share of the Company’s Class A, Class B, and Class C stock. The Stock Split is subject to stockholderapproval of an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares ofClass A, Class B, and Class C stock to accommodate the Stock Split.78Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.If approval is obtained, each of the Company’s stockholders of record at the close of business on July 1, 2022 (the “Record Date”), will receive,after the close of business on July 15, 2022, a dividend of 19 additional shares of the same class of stock for every share held by such stockholder asof the Record Date.Note 12. Net Income Per ShareWe compute net income per share of Class A, Class B, and Class C stock using the two-class method. Basic net income per share is computedusing the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-averagenumber of shares and the effect of potentially dilutive securities outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive securities consist of restricted stockunits and other contingently issuable shares. The dilutive effect of outstanding restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares isreflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. The computation of the diluted net income per share of Class Astock assumes the conversion of Class B stock, while the diluted net income per share of Class B stock does not assume the conversion of thoseshares.The rights, including the liquidation and dividend rights, of the holders of our Class A, Class B, and Class C stock are identical, except withrespect to voting. Furthermore, there are a number of safeguards built into our certificate of incorporation, as well as Delaware law, which precludeour Board of Directors from declaring or paying unequal per share dividends on our Class A, Class B, and Class C stock. Specifically, Delaware lawprovides that amendments to our certificate of incorporation which would have the effect of adversely altering the rights, powers, or preferences of agiven class of stock must be approved by the class of stock adversely affected by the proposed amendment. In addition, our certificate ofincorporation provides that before any such amendment may be put to a stockholder vote, it must be approved by the unanimous consent of ourBoard of Directors. As a result, the undistributed earnings for each year are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A,Class B, and Class C stock as if the earnings for the year had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributedearnings are allocated on a proportionate basis.In the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the net income per share amounts are the same for Class A, Class B, and Class Cstock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation in accordance with the Amended andRestated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc.The following tables set forth the computation of basic and diluted net income per share of Class A, Class B, and Class C stock (in millions,except share amounts which are reflected in thousands and per share amounts): Year Ended December 31, 2019 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$14,846 $2,307 $17,190 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation299,402 46,527 346,667 Basic net income per share$49.59 $49.59 $49.59 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$14,846 $2,307 $17,190 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,307 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(126)(20)126 Allocation of undistributed earnings$17,027 $2,287 $17,316 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation299,402 46,527 346,667 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A shares outstanding46,527 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares413 0 5,547 Number of shares used in per share computation346,342 46,527 352,214 Diluted net income per share$49.16 $49.16 $49.16 79Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc. Year Ended December 31, 2020 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$17,733 $2,732 $19,804 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation299,815 46,182 334,819 Basic net income per share$59.15 $59.15 $59.15 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$17,733 $2,732 $19,804 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares2,732 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(180)(25)180 Allocation of undistributed earnings$20,285 $2,707 $19,984 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation299,815 46,182 334,819 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A shares outstanding46,182 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares87 0 6,125 Number of shares used in per share computation346,084 46,182 340,944 Diluted net income per share$58.61 $58.61 $58.61  Year Ended December 31, 2021 Class AClass BClass CBasic net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings$34,200 $5,174 $36,659 DenominatorNumber of shares used in per share computation300,310 45,430 321,910 Basic net income per share$113.88 $113.88 $113.88 Diluted net income per share:NumeratorAllocation of undistributed earnings for basic computation$34,200 $5,174 $36,659 Reallocation of undistributed earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares5,174 0 0 Reallocation of undistributed earnings(581)(77)581 Allocation of undistributed earnings$38,793 $5,097 $37,240 DenominatorNumber of shares used in basic computation300,310 45,430 321,910 Weighted-average effect of dilutive securitiesAdd:Conversion of Class B to Class A shares outstanding45,430 0 0 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares15 0 10,009 Number of shares used in per share computation345,755 45,430 331,919 Diluted net income per share$112.20 $112.20 $112.20 80Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Note 13. Compensation PlansStock PlansOur stock plans include the Alphabet Amended and Restated 2012 Stock Plan, the Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan and Other Bet stock-based plans.Under our stock plans, RSUs and other types of awards may be granted. An RSU award is an agreement to issue shares of our Class C stock at thetime the award vests. RSUs generally vest over four years contingent upon employment on the vesting date.As of December 31, 2021, there were 37,479,707 shares of Class C stock reserved for future issuance under the Alphabet 2021 Stock Plan.Stock-Based CompensationFor the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, total stock-based compensation expense was $11.7 billion, $13.4 billion, and $15.7billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of $10.8 billion, $12.8 billion, and $15.0 billion, respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, we recognized tax benefits on total stock-based compensation expense, which arereflected in the provision for income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Income, of $1.8 billion, $2.7 billion, and $3.1 billion, respectively.For the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, tax benefit realized related to awards vested or exercised during the period was $2.2billion, $3.6 billion, and $5.9 billion, respectively. These amounts do not include the indirect effects of stock-based awards, which primarily relate tothe R&D tax credit.Stock-Based Award ActivitiesThe following table summarizes the activities for unvested Alphabet RSUs for the year ended December 31, 2021:Unvested Restricted Stock Units     Number of    SharesWeighted-AverageGrant-DateFair ValueUnvested as of December 31, 202019,288,793 $1,262.13 Granted10,582,700 $1,949.16 Vested(11,209,486)$1,345.98 Forfeited/canceled(1,767,294)$1,425.48 Unvested as of December 31, 202116,894,713 $1,626.13 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of RSUs granted during the years ended December 31, 2019 and 2020 was $1,092.36 and$1,407.97, respectively. Total fair value of RSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021were $15.2 billion, $17.8 billion, and $28.8 billion, respectively.As of December 31, 2021, there was $25.8 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested employee RSUs. This amount isexpected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.5 years.401(k) PlansWe have two 401(k) Savings Plans that qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Underthese 401(k) Plans, matching contributions are based upon the amount of the employees’ contributions subject to certain limitations. We recognizedexpense of approximately $724 million, $855 million, and $916 million for the years ended December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021, respectively.Note 14. Income TaxesIncome from continuing operations before income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Domestic operations$16,426 $37,576 $77,016 Foreign operations23,199 10,506 13,718 Total$39,625 $48,082 $90,734 81Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Current:Federal and state$2,424 $4,789 $10,126 Foreign2,713 1,687 2,692 Total5,137 6,476 12,818 Deferred:Federal and state286 1,552 2,018 Foreign(141)(215)(135)Total145 1,337 1,883 Provision for income taxes$5,282 $7,813 $14,701 The reconciliation of federal statutory income tax rate to our effective income tax rate was as follows:Year Ended December 31, 201920202021U.S. federal statutory tax rate21.0 %21.0 %21.0 %Foreign income taxed at different rates(4.9)(0.3)0.2 Foreign-derived intangible income deduction(0.7)(3.0)(2.5)Stock-based compensation expense(0.7)(1.7)(2.5)Federal research credit(2.5)(2.3)(1.6)Deferred tax asset valuation allowance0.0 1.4 0.6 State and local income taxes1.1 1.1 1.0 Effective tax rate13.3 %16.2 %16.2 %Our effective tax rate for 2019 was affected significantly by earnings realized in foreign jurisdictions with statutory tax rates lower than the federalstatutory tax rate because substantially all of the income from foreign operations was earned by an Irish subsidiary. As of December 31, 2019, wehave simplified our corporate legal entity structure and now license intellectual property from the U.S. that was previously licensed from Bermudaresulting in an increase in the portion of our income earned in the U.S.On July 27, 2015, the U.S. Tax Court, in an opinion in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, invalidated the portion of the Treasury regulations issuedunder IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharing arrangement to share stock-based compensation costs. The U.S. TaxCourt issued the final decision on December 28, 2015. As a result of that decision, we recorded a tax benefit related to the anticipated reimbursementof cost share payment for previously shared stock-based compensation costs.On June 7, 2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturned the 2015 Tax Court decision in Altera Corp. v. Commissioner, andupheld the portion of the Treasury regulations issued under IRC Section 482 requiring related-party participants in a cost sharing arrangement toshare stock-based compensation costs. As a result of the Ninth Circuit court decision, our cumulative net tax benefit of $418 million related topreviously shared stock-based compensation costs was reversed in the year ended December 31, 2019.In 2020, there was an increase in valuation allowance for net deferred tax assets that are not likely to be realized relating to certain of our OtherBets.82Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Deferred Income TaxesDeferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financialreporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of our deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows(in millions):As of December 31,20202021Deferred tax assets:Accrued employee benefits$580 $549 Accruals and reserves not currently deductible1,049 1,816 Tax credits3,723 5,179 Net operating losses1,085 1,790 Operating leases2,620 2,503 Intangible assets1,525 2,034 Other981 925 Total deferred tax assets11,563 14,796 Valuation allowance(4,823)(7,129)Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance6,740 7,667 Deferred tax liabilities:Property and equipment, net(3,382)(5,237)Net investment gains(1,901)(3,229)Operating leases(2,354)(2,228)Other(1,580)(946)Total deferred tax liabilities(9,217)(11,640)Net deferred tax assets (liabilities)$(2,477)$(3,973)As of December 31, 2021, our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $5.6billion, $4.6 billion, and $1.7 billion respectively. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2023, foreign netoperating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2025 and the state net operating loss carryforwards will begin to expire in 2028. It is more likelythan not that certain net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized; therefore, we have recorded a valuation allowance against them. The netoperating loss carryforwards are subject to various annual limitations under the tax laws of the different jurisdictions.As of December 31, 2021, our California R&D carryforwards for income tax purposes were approximately $5.0 billion that can be carried overindefinitely. We believe the state tax credit is not likely to be realized.As of December 31, 2021, our investment tax credit carryforwards for state income tax purposes were approximately $700 million and will beginto expire in 2025. We use the flow-through method of accounting for investment tax credits. We believe this tax credit is not likely to be realized.As of December 31, 2021, we maintained a valuation allowance with respect to California deferred tax assets, certain federal net operatinglosses, certain state tax credits, net deferred tax assets relating to certain Other Bets, and certain foreign net operating losses that we believe are notlikely to be realized. We continue to reassess the remaining valuation allowance quarterly, and if future evidence allows for a partial or full release ofthe valuation allowance, a tax benefit will be recorded accordingly.83Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Uncertain Tax PositionsThe following table summarizes the activity related to our gross unrecognized tax benefits (in millions):Year Ended December 31, 201920202021Beginning gross unrecognized tax benefits$4,652 $3,377 $3,837 Increases related to prior year tax positions938 372 529 Decreases related to prior year tax positions(143)(557)(263)Decreases related to settlement with tax authorities(2,886)(45)(329)Increases related to current year tax positions816 690 1,384 Ending gross unrecognized tax benefits$3,377 $3,837 $5,158 The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was $3.4 billion, $3.8 billion, and $5.2 billion as of December 31, 2019, 2020, and 2021,respectively, of which $2.3 billion, $2.6 billion, and $3.7 billion, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate, respectively.As of December 31, 2020 and 2021, we accrued $222 million and $270 million in interest and penalties in provision for income taxes,respectively.We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in many state and foreign jurisdictions. Our two major tax jurisdictions are the U.S.federal and Ireland. We are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the IRS and other tax authorities. The IRS is currentlyexamining our 2016 through 2018 tax returns. We have also received tax assessments in multiple foreign jurisdictions asserting transfer pricingadjustments or permanent establishment. We continue to defend any and all such claims as presented.The tax years 2014 through 2020 remain subject to examination by the appropriate governmental agencies for Irish tax purposes. There areother ongoing audits in various other jurisdictions that are not material to our financial statements.We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision forincome taxes. We continue to monitor the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the effect, if any, of the expected expiration of thestatute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions.We believe that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of taxaudits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management'sexpectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. Although the timing of resolution,settlement, and closure of audits is not certain, it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits from certain U.S. federal, state and nonU.S. tax positions could decrease by approximately $2.0 billion in the next 12 months. Positions that may be resolved include various U.S. and non-U.S. matters.Note 15. Information about Segments and Geographic AreasWe report our segment results as Google Services, Google Cloud, and Other Bets:•Google Services includes products and services such as ads, Android, Chrome, hardware, Google Maps, Google Play, Search, and YouTube.Google Services generates revenues primarily from advertising; sales of apps and in-app purchases, digital content products, and hardware;and fees received for subscription-based products such as YouTube Premium and YouTube TV.•Google Cloud includes Google’s infrastructure and platform services, collaboration tools, and other services for enterprise customers. GoogleCloud generates revenues from fees received for Google Cloud Platform services, Google Workspace collaboration tools and otherenterprise services.•Other Bets is a combination of multiple operating segments that are not individually material. Revenues from Other Bets are generatedprimarily from the sale of health technology and internet services.Revenues, certain costs, such as costs associated with content and traffic acquisition, certain engineering activities, and hardware, as well ascertain operating expenses are directly attributable to our segments. Due to the integrated nature of Alphabet, other costs and expenses, such astechnical infrastructure and office facilities, are managed centrally at a consolidated level. The associated costs, including depreciation andimpairment, are allocated to operating segments as a service cost generally based on usage or headcount.84Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.Unallocated corporate costs primarily include corporate initiatives, corporate shared costs, such as finance and legal, including certain fines andsettlements, as well as costs associated with certain shared R&D activities. Additionally, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue are included incorporate costs.Our operating segments are not evaluated using asset information.Information about segments during the periods presented were as follows (in millions). For comparative purposes, amounts in prior periods havebeen recast:Year Ended December 31,201920202021Revenues:Google Services$151,825 $168,635 $237,529 Google Cloud8,918 13,059 19,206 Other Bets659 657 753 Hedging gains (losses)455 176 149 Total revenues$161,857 $182,527 $257,637 Operating income (loss):Google Services$48,999 $54,606 $91,855 Google Cloud(4,645)(5,607)(3,099)Other Bets(4,824)(4,476)(5,281)Corporate costs, unallocated(5,299)(3,299)(4,761)Total income from operations$34,231 $41,224 $78,714 Corporate costs, unallocated includes a fine and legal settlement totaling $2.3 billion for the year ended December 31, 2019.For revenues by geography, see Note 2.The following table presents long-lived assets by geographic area, which includes property and equipment, net and operating lease assets (inmillions):As of December 31, 20202021Long-lived assets:United States$69,315 $80,207 International27,645 30,351 Total long-lived assets$96,960 $110,558 (1)(1)    85Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 9.CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURENone.ITEM 9A.CONTROLS AND PROCEDURESEvaluation of Disclosure Controls and ProceduresOur management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosurecontrols and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2021, our disclosure controlsand procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required todisclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specifiedin the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officerand chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.Changes in Internal Control over Financial ReportingWe rely extensively on information systems to manage our business and summarize and report operating results. In 2019, we began a multi-year implementation of a new global ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed toaccurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management and provide timely information to ourmanagement team. The implementation is expected to continue in phases over the next few years. We completed the implementation of certain ofour subledgers, which included changes to our processes, procedures and internal controls over financial reporting during the second quarter of2021. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 thathave materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, as the phasedimplementation of the new ERP system continues, we will change our processes and procedures, which in turn, could result in changes to ourinternal control over financial reporting. As such changes occur, we will evaluate quarterly whether such changes materially affect our internal controlover financial reporting.As a result of COVID-19, our global workforce continued to operate primarily in a work from home environment for the quarter endedDecember 31, 2021. While we continue to evolve our work model in response to the uneven effects of the ongoing pandemic around the world, webelieve that our internal controls over financial reporting continue to be effective. We have continued to re-evaluate and refine our financial reportingprocess to provide reasonable assurance that we could report our financial results accurately and in a timely manner.Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial ReportingOur management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)of the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on theframework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013framework). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31,2021. Management reviewed the results of its assessment with our Audit and Compliance Committee. The effectiveness of our internal control overfinancial reporting as of December 31, 2021 has been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated inits report which is included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and ProceduresIn designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter howwell designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosurecontrols and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluatingthe benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.ITEM 9B.OTHER INFORMATIONNone.86Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.ITEM 9C.     DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONSNot applicable.87Table of ContentsAlphabet Inc.PART IIIITEM 10.DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCEThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance” in our ProxyStatement for the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (2022Proxy Statement) and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this item regarding delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 ofRegulation S-K will be included under the caption “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein byreference.ITEM 11.EXECUTIVE COMPENSATIONThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Director Compensation,” “Executive Compensation” and “Directors,Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Compensation Committee Interlocks and InsiderParticipation” in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 12.SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERSThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Common Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners andManagement” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” in the 2022 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 13.CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCEThe information required by this item will be included under the captions “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Directors,Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance—Corporate Governance and Board Matters—Director Independence” in the 2022 Proxy Statementand is incorporated herein by reference.ITEM 14.PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICESThe information required by this item will be included under the caption “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in the 2022 ProxyStatement and is incorporated herein by reference.88